"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Brno, Czechoslovakia.&
 Permanent address: URA G&
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks."
Central Electricity Generating Board research student, Keble College."
"Divisions of Molecular Genetics and &
partement de Min&
"Textile Research Institute, Princeton, New Jersey. Jan. 23."
Joint Coal Board Research Fellow."
Institut des Sciences de I''Evolution (CNRS, LIRA 327), Case Courrier 64, Universit&
"Laboratory of Electron Microscopy, Institute of Histology of the Medical Academy, Krak&
"Department of Zoology, University of Dar es Salaam, PO Box 35064, Dar es Salaam"
Now at the Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough,. Bucks."
re Immunologie, Institut f&
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, nr. Godalming, Surrey. Dec. 20."
Department of Geology, Birkbeck College, University of London, 7&
 Biological Resources Branch, and &
Chemistry Department, Danish Atomic Energy Establishment Ris&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh.Department of Natural History, St. Andrew''s. Feb. 7."
Hautklinik der Universit&auml
Oncology, The Children''s Hospital and the Dana Farber Cancer Institute, Department of Pediatrics
"Department of Nutrition and Chemical Pathology, Faculty of Rural Science, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
"Louis Jenner Laboratory, St. Thomas''s Hospital, London, S.E.1."
"Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Jan. 22."
"Department of Oral Pathology, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London."
"Department of Mining, University, Leeds 2. Oct. 21."
Mathematics Department and &
"Department of Immunology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
"Department of Histology, University of Lund, Lund."
ge. (Centre National de Recherches M&
"Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, Shrewsbury, Mass. Oct. 10."
"Industrial Diamond Information Bureau, Industrial Distributors (Sales), Ltd., 32/34 Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C.1. Nov. 23."
"Radio Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Ditton Park, Slough."
"Department of Fuel Technology and Chemical Engineering, University of Sheffield."
Metallurgy Division, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire"
"Department of Zoology, Science Laboratories, South Road, Durham."
t, Vienna. Oct.9."
Institut des Sciences de l''Evolution, Laboratoire de G&
"Department of Physics, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth, Cardiganshire."
"Department of Botany, University College, London, W.C.1.Laboratorium f&
"Animal Psychology Laboratory, Institute of Psychiatry, University of London (Maudsley Hospital), London, S.E.5. July 14."
Present address: Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology Shrewsbury, Mass."
a At&
 di Milano, and Istituto Sieroterapico Milanese, &
"139 Trinity Road, Tooting, London SW17"
"Department of Experimental Immunobiology and Department of Virology R&amp
ol de Oceanograf&
"Department of Clinical Biochemistry, Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm, 60. Sept. 18."
Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Karolinska sjukhuset, Stockholm&
kova 2, Czechoslovakia"
ne.&
"Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow."
"Eastern Regional Research Laboratory, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Philadelphia, Pennyslvania."
Fellow of the Wellcome Trust and of the Consejo National de Investigaciones Cient&
"Department of Anatomy and Histology, Veterin&auml
Present address: Department of Zoology, The University, Edinburgh."
"Institut de Physique du Globe, Observatoires Volcanologiques et Laboratoire de G&
"Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London.Royal Free Hospital Medical School, London.Chester Beatty Research Institute, London."
51."
, Zagreb."
Forestry Commission Research Station, Alice Holt Lodge, Farnham, Surrey"
Geophysical Institute, E&
"Leather Industries Department, University, Leeds 2. June 4."
Present address: Department of Pharmacology, Teikyo University School of Medicine, Itabashi-ku, Tokyo 173."
ophysique Interne&
t Heidelberg, Akademiestr. 3, Heidelberg."
"Department of Plant Physiology and Biochemistry, Maria Curie-Sklodowska University, Lublin."
Department of Astronomy &amp
t. 430, Universit&
"Department of Zoology, Imperial College, London, S.W.7.&
"Human Immunogenetics Laboratory and &
"Department of Zoology, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
INRA, Station de g&
Clinical Research Unit for Neuroregeneration, Department of Neurology, University of W&
"Laboratory of Enzyme Chemistry, Department of Physiological Chemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of St. Paulo."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Oct. 3."
"Professorial Clinical Unit, Institute of Orthopaedics, Stanmore, Middlesex."
r Limnologie, Postfach 165, D-2320 Pl&
"Department of Biology, Medical Faculty, Brno, Czechoslovakia. Oct. 18."
Postdoctoral Trainee in Pathology under U.S. Public Health Service Graduate Training Grant."
Staatliches Museum f&
Department      of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, &
"Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 18."
"Science Service Laboratory, University Sub-Post Office, London, Ontario. Sept. 29."
"Chemistry Department, City College of Technology, Liverpool 2. March 22."
Watford College of Technology."
nchen, Kaulbachstr. 37, 8000 M&
Present address: Brookhaven National Laboratory."
ge. Sept. 30."
Department of Human Oncology and &
"Research Section, Technical Department, Benzole Producers, Ltd., Watford, Herts. April 24."
Department of Biology, Johns Hopkins University&
r Klinische Chemie der Freien Universit&auml
"Sterility Research Institute, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, B&
 Libre de Bruxelles. Feb. 19."
Requests for reprints to M. F."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Royal Ontario Museum"
"Department of Applied Biology, University of Wales Institute of Science and Technology, Cardiff"
Department of Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire"
"Fritz-Haber-lnstitut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Faradayweg 4&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Butterwick Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Nov. 30."
"Institute of Physics of the Academy, Bucharest 22, Roumania.&
"Departments of Anatomy and Biochemistry, University College, Cardiff. March 22."
 Autoimmune Diseases Research, &
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Jan 16.&
ontologischeslnstitut, Universit&auml
"Botany Department, Bedford College, London, N.W.1. June 9."
"Department of Pharmacology, University College, London."
"Department of Pharmacology, University College, London.&
Lehrstuhl Pflanzen&
"British Insulated Callender''s Cables, Ltd., Central Research and Engineering Division, 38 Wood Lane, London, W.12."
"Metallurgy Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington. Sept. 2."
"Botany Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Dec. 12."
Cancer Biology, &
Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London&
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. May 15."
"Department of Biology, Technical College, Huddersfield. Oct. 1."
Postdoctoral Public Health Service Fellow, U.S. National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, F2&
Hematology/Oncology and&
t Wien."
"Institute of Earth Science, University of Kyoto, Kyoto"
"Department of Botany, University of Sheffield."
r Tierphysiologie, K&
"Institute of Endocrinology and Institute of Microbiology, Bucharest, Rumania."
"Warren Spring Laboratory, Stevenage, Herts."
ffle.Institute of Physical Chemistry, Uppsala. March 8."
"Laboratory of Developmental Genetics and &
"National Institute for Tuberculosis &
"Department of Pharmacology, University of W&
Department of Pharmacology&
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, University of London, London, E.C.1. Aug. 22."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Pharmacology, University Medical School, Debrecen.Antibiotic Research Institute, Hungarian Academy of Sciences."
"Psychological Department, Institute of Psychiatry, Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5. Aug. 10."
"Agricultural Research Council, Ditton Laboratory, Larkfield, Maidstone, Kent."
r 4. July 5."
aires, H&
Department of Gene Regulation, Roche Institute ofMolecular Biology, Roche Research Center, Nutley, New Jersey 07110-1199,USA&amp
, A. Vandenberghe&
"Institute of Ophthalmology, University of London."
Cell Genetics Laboratory, Lady Davis Institute for Medical Research, Jewish General Hospital
 Laboratory of Neurochemistry, NINDS and &
Laboratoire de Cristallographie, Institut de Physique, B5, Universit&
"MRC Epigenetics Research Group, Department of Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JN"
 Centre des FaiblesRadioactivit&
Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo.&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 3."
"Department of Anatomy, Universit&agrave
 and Department of Microbiology and Immunology&
 and Virology&
t, Schloss, 74 T&
"Botany Department, University, Aberdeen. April 26."
"Centre d&
 Upjohn&
"Departments of Clinical Biochemistry, Luton and Dunstable Hospital, Bedford General Hospital."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Edinburgh Medical School."
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. June 1."
Istituto di Genetica, Universit&agrave
Under contract with the United States Atomic Energy Commission."
Trainee in neurochemistry, grant 2B-5246, U.S. National Institute of Health."
Now at the Defence Naval Research Laboratories, Halifax, N.S."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Departments of &
"New South Wales Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, Sydney. June 11."
"Research Department, CIBA Pharmaceutical Products Inc., Division of Macrobiology, Summit, New Jersey."
r Virusforschung, Melanchthonstrasse 36, T&
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough, Bucks. June 15."
Centre for Gene Technology, Department of Cellular and Molecular Biology &
Present address: Department of Botany, University College, Cardiff."
"Medical Research Council, Experimental H&
Department of Botany and Plant Technology, Imperial College, London SW7.&
Present address: Department of Botany, University College, London.&
"Department of Neuropharmacology and &
tat, Chauss&
Department of Genetics, University of G&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield, 10."
"Department of Anatomy, University College of South Wales and Monmouth, Cardiff. Jan. 8."
timent 440, Universit&
"Chatwood, Wokefield, Mortimer, Berkshire."
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay, 5"
"Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7"
 Departement de Psychologie, Universit&
"Departments of Chemical Pathology and Medicine, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1.Institute of Computer Science, University of London, London, W.C.1."
Permanent address: Istituto di Fisiologia Generale, Universit&agrave
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen. June 1."
"First Chemical Laboratory, W&auml
 and the Veterinary Field Station, Neston, Wirral, Cheshire."
"Department of Surgery, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
 de Rennes, Avenue du G&
Instituto de Astronomi&
partement de Pathologic CMV, 1211 Gen&
"Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College. London."
 Immunology and &
aires de Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette (Seine-et-Oise)."
"Rijksseruminrichting, Prof. Poelslaan 35, Rotterdam. March 10."
"Biochemistry Unit, Wool Textile Research Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks."
patologie, H&
"Forensic Science Laboratory, Harrogate."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. May 3."
"Institut de Recherches sur le Cancer, Villejuif, Seine."
Osservatorio Vesuviano, Ercolano, Napoli&
r biophysikalische Chemie, 34 G&
 and Medicine&
"Neuroscience Laboratory, Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, and &
nchen, Goethestr. 33, 8 M&
INSERM U346, H&
ping, Link&
"Division of Infectious Disease, Department of Medicine and Cancer Research Center, Departments of Medicine and Bacteriology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
partement de Chimie Nucl&
n Nacional de la Energ&
"Biochemistry Department, Agricultural Research Council, Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks."
11409
193 Euston Road, London, N.W.1. April 17."
Division of Hematology/Oncology&
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemansh. 3511, 7400 T&
"Laboratoire de Physique Th&
"The Athen&
x000C5
x000C4
x000C3
matology Unit, University Hospital, Geneva."
"Department of Botany and Plant Physiology, University of Agriculture, G&
x000C9
Centre de Biophysique Mol&
"Coagulation Research Laboratory, Department of Surgery, Presbyterian-St. Luke''s Hospital, Chicago."
Career Development Awardee of the U.S. Public Health Service.&
"Pharmacological Laboratory, University, Edinburgh 8."
cole Polytechnique, F&
II Physiologisches Institut, Medizinische Fakult&auml
"Primate Research Centre (Institute of Psychiatry), Bethlem Royal Hospital, Monks Orchard Road, Beckenham, Kent."
Department of Geology&
"Institute of Geology, University of Uppsala"
"The Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Aug. 3."
"Central Tsetse Research Laboratory, East African Tsetse and Trypanosomiasis Research and Reclamation Organization, Shinyanga, Tanganyika. May 7."
"Grant Institute of Geology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JW."
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Laboratory, Sydney. Oct. 15."
"Astbury Department of Biophysics, University of Leads.&
"Institute of Human Genetics, University of G&
5058
"Metallurgy Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"E. R. Squibb and Sons, Edwards Lane, Speke, Liverpool."
"University of Glasgow, Animal Leukaemia Research Unit, Bearsden, Glasgow."
Present address: Mi-dox Ltd., Smarden, Kent."
 Department of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences&
"Bivia, Woodside, Aspley Guise, Bletchley."
Istituto di Botanica, Via Irnerio, 42, Universit&
 National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, and &
tel. Aug. 8."
pital Broca, Universit&
"Istituto di Anatomia Comparata e Centro di Studio per l''Istochimica del C.N.R., Universit&agrave
"Virus Department, Tropical Institute, Hamburg. April 3."
"Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. July 18."
"Department of Botany, University of St. Andrews."
"Agricultural Research Council, Animal Breeding Research Organization, Edinburgh, 9."
"Department of Pharmacology, Postgraduate Medical Institute, Chandigarh."
"Medical Research Council Group for Research in the Physiology of Vision, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 11."
 Laboratoire de Mod&
r Biochemie, Frankfurt am Main."
"Service de Physiopathologie de l''Immunit&
"National Gas Turbine Establishment, Ministry of Supply. June 20."
cology and Obstetrics, University of Ghent. Jan. 1."
"Department of Biochemistry, Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
Department of Experimental Medicine, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
"Bedford College, University of London. May 2."
"Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Radio Physics Laboratory, Defence Research Board, Ottawa. Jan. 28."
"Department of Pharmacodynamics, Institute Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janiero. March 30."
East African Viral Institute, Entebbe&
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berkshire. Sept. 7."
"Biology Division, Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Byculla, Bombay 8.&
"Biophysics Sub-Department, Botany Department, The University, Leeds, 2.&amp
"Meteorological Office, Poona 5"
"Plant Pathology Department, Rubber Research Institute of Ceylon, Dartonfield, Agalawatta, Ceylon. Aug. 12."
cological Department of the &
"Department of Zoology, University College, London, W.C.1. July 26."
Agricultural Research Council Unit of Insect Physiology."
 l''Energie Atomique, Limeil-Brevannes, S.-et.-O."
"Department of Botany, University, Leeds."
"Battelle-Institut E.V., Frankfurt am Main."
 of the Belgian National Foundation for Scientific Research."
Seagram Centre for Soil and Water Sciences, and &
"Centraal Diergeneeskundig Instituut, Rotterdam."
"Lubrication Laboratory, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Department of Engineering, University College, Cardiff.&
Present address Institut f&
"Colonial Insecticides Research, Porton. Sept. 17."
"Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. July 3."
"Medical Research Council Rheumatism Research Unit, Bath."
"Bacteriology Department, College of Agriculture, Edinburgh. Oct. 20.&
 Jules Stein Eye Institute, &
Department of Cellular Immunology, Max-Planck-Institut f&
Department of Biology 16&
a Celular, Facultad de Ciencias and Facultad de Qu&
r Biochemie, Abteilung Proteinchemie, D-8033 Martinsried bei M&
re, 47 Bd de I''H&
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Nov. 13."
Present addresses: Departament de Gen&
"Laporte Industries, Ltd., 1 Hill Street, London, W.1."
The Institute of Physical and Chemical Research, Hirosawa 2&
"University Biochemical Laboratory, Madras 25. Dec. 14."
Sonnenhuys &
tsklinik, Ludwig-Rehnstr, 14, Frankfurt/Main."
Present address: W. B. Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hale Bank, Widnes, Lancashire.&
a, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biol&
"Nervenklinik der Stadt und Universit&auml
Division of Continuing Education, East Carolina University, PO Box 2727, Greenville, North Carolina 27834&
Institute of Astronomy and Geophysics, Universit&
"Forestry Commission, Forest Research Station, Alice Holt Lodge, Wrecclesham, Farnham, Surrey."
"Department of Medicine, Westminster Hospital, London, S.W.1.&
ochimie de la Surface, Universit&
"Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, University of London, Malet Street, London WC1E 7HX"
"Department of Pharmacology, The School of Pharmacy, 29&
 Osservatorio Astrof&
 Clinical Hospital, Bucharest."
r Materialforschung, Universit&auml
Summer Fellow, National Science Foundation."
Scholar in Radiological Research of the James Picker Foundation."
 Istituto di Neurologia, Universit&agrave
"Tsetse and Trypanosomiasis Control Branch, Department of Veterinary Services, Southern Rhodesia."
r Molekulare Genetik, Berlin-Dahlem, 1 Berlin 33, Ihnestrasse 63&
1958&
"Department of Entomology and Parasitology, School of Tropical Medicine, Liverpool 3. May 3."
"Royal Horticultural Society''s Gardens, Wisley, Ripley, Woking. Jan. 28."
"Zoology Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
Bologna"
t der Universit&auml
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Crawford Hill Laboratory, Holmdel, New Jersey."
Laboratorio di Chimica, Facolt&agrave
nchen, Maria-Ward-Stra&
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Prince Consort Road, London, S.W.7."
a, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
hringen.Medizinische Universit&auml
"Max-Planck-lnstitut f. biologische Kybernetik, D-7400 T&
Nuclebr&
"Surface Physics Division, Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Manor Royal, Crawley, Sussex."
"Istituto Chimica Generale, Universit&agrave
"Institute of Molecular Genetics, and&
Fellow of the Dazian and Helen Hay Whitney Foundations."
"Institut National de Recherche Chimique Appliqu&
Department of Pathology and Microbiology and&
"Botany Department, King''s College, University of London, 68 Half Moon Lane, London, S.E.24."
Atlantic Oceanographic Laboratory, Bedford Institute of Oceanography, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia"
"Norsk Hydro''s Institute for Cancer Research, Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo."
"Norsk Hydro''s Institute for Cancer Research, Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo.&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh."
 7 Inserm, Physiologie et Pharmacologie, H&
Istituto di Fisica dell''Universit&agrave
"Geological and Mineralogical Institute, Faculty of Science, Tokyo University of Education."
r Biochemie, 8 M&
"Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
Present address : St. Vincent''s School of Medical Research, Melbourne, Victoria."
 delgi studi, Universit&agrave
Groupe de Biologie Mol&
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala. June 25."
"Department of Zoology, University, Glasgow, W.2, and Marine Station, Millport. Sept. 27."
lner Platz 1, 80804 M&
Gulbenkian Foundation Research Fellow."
"University College of Rhodesia, Salisbury, Rhodesia.Harper Adams Agricultural College, Newport, Shropshire."
Present address: Biology Division, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Bombay."
On leave from the Istituto di Microbiologia, Universit&
Facult&auml
"Centrul de Hematologie, Laboratorul de Biochimie &
"British Jute Trade Research Association, Kinnoull Road, Kingsway West, Dundee. July 8."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. April 17."
"School of Textiles, Clemson College, Clemson, South Carolina. April 15."
"Cancer Research Department, London Hospital, E.1. Oct. 5."
r Atmosph&auml
Member of the Biology Division of Euratom."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
"Department of Physics, University College, London. Feb. 16."
Present address: Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3.&
"Galton Laboratory, University College, and University College Hospital, London."
Hormone Research and &
"Norwegian Geotechnical Institute, Oslo-Blindern."
"Department of Physiology, T&
"Physical Chemistry Section, Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead, Surrey."
rale, Universit&
 Permanent address, Dept of Physics &amp
"ICI Ltd, Agricultural Division, Research and Development Department, Billingham, Teesside."
"Department of Pathophysiology, Plzen, Czechoslovakia."
 and the Child Research Center, Detroit."
"Division of Building Research, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Graham Road, Highett, S.21, Melbourne."
"Post Office Research Station, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2.Birkbeck College, University of London. Aug. 7."
 de Louvain, H&
"John Burford Carlill Pathological Laboratories, Westminster School of Medicine, Horseferry Road, London, S.W.1. Jan. 26."
"Division of Fisheries and Oceanography, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Marine Laboratory, Cronulla, Sydney."
"Director of Radiotherapy, Royal Northern Hospital, London, N.7."
matologie, Centre Georges Hayem, Institut de Recherches de la Facult&
"Department of Chemical &
r Virusforschung, Spemannstrasse 35, 7400 T&
"Biology Department, Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. Aug. 9."
Present address: Woodstock Agricultural Research Centre, Sittingbourne, Kent.&
"Infestation Control Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Hook Rise South, Tolworth, Surrey."
Commonwealth Fund Fellow 1956&
Centre des Recherches de Biochimie Macromol&
o Zoot&
"Brixton School of Building, London SW4."
e de I''Ecole Normale Sup&
21500 Piikki&
"Istituto di Chimica biologica dell'' Universit&
"Formica International Ltd, 68 Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead, Berkshire.Metal Containers Ltd, Liphook, Hampshire, and Department of Chemistry, City University, St John Street, London EC1."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks."
ST&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks.&
. Aug. 7."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks. Oct. 31."
sica Aplicada (Universitat Polit&
"Division of Chemical Physics, Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne,"
Mol&
, Yliopistonkatu 9, SF-40100, Jyv&auml
"ARC Animal Breeding Research Organisation, Edinburgh EH9 3JQ and Moredun Research Institute, Edinburgh EH17 7JH"
CERD, D&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Prince Consort Road, London SW7."
"Department of Botany, University School of Sciences, Gujarat University, Ahmedabad."
"1st Department of Pathological Anatomy and Experimental Cancer Research, Medical University, Budapest. March 20."
 des Sciences, Strasbourg.Laboratoire de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Division Molecular Biology of the Cell I, German Cancer Research Center, Im Neuenheimer Feld 280, D-6900 Heidelberg, German&
t, Hauptstr. 47&
"Research Institute of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Institute of Experimental Physics, Technical University, Budapest. Sept. 9."
r Psychiatrie, Neurochemische Abteilung, 8 M&
National Child Development Study, London"
"M.R.C. Toxicology Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Nov. 27."
"University College of Khartoum, Khartoum. May 4."
"Division of Animal Health, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Veterinary Parasitology Laboratory, Yeerongpilly, Queensland."
mica, Facultad de Odontologia,Catedra de Bioqu&
"Wihuri Research Institute, Helsinki."
 Libre de Bruxelles.Clinique C. De Paepe, Bruxelles."
49), National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.&
"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. March 21."
"Istituto di Fisiologia Generale, Universit&agrave
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 5."
ssische Technische Hochschule-Z&
Departments of Human Genetics, &
 di Scienze, Universita&agrave
Present address: Saskatchewan Cancer Commission, Allan Blair Memorial Clinic, Regina, Saskatchewan."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, Melbourne, N.2. Sept. 8."
"Department of Mathematical Physics, University of Edinburgh.Department of Chemistry, Fouad I University, Cairo."
"Institute of Physiological Chemistry, Humboldt University, Berlin, N.4."
r Organische Chemie I, Technische Universit&auml
bingen, Auf der Morgenstelle 12, D-7400 T&
Limnological Institute and &
"Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut, Freie Universit&auml
"Catania-Istituto di Chimica Fisica, Universit&agrave
Alexander v. Humboldt-Stiftung Research Fellow in Pathology."
e de Vilvorde, Brussels."
"Laboratorium voor Genetika and voor Histologie en Genetika&
 d''Oran, BP16, Oran-Es S&
"University of London Observatory, Mill Hill Park, London NW7."
794
Present address: Biochemistry Department, Institute of Psychiatry, The Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5.&
 de Clermont-Ferrand II, BP 45, 63170 Aubi&
 Department of Science of Material Differentiation, Graduate School of Science and Technology, and &
Walter &amp
a, Escuela Nacional de Medicina, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biol&
Otolaryngology&
"Laboratoire de l''Association pour les &
"Research Laboratory, Tate and Lyle, Ltd., Ravensbourne, Westerham Road, Keston, Kent. April 22."
"Department of Parasitology, CIBA Research Centre, Bombay 63."
"Department of Botany, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Aug. 30."
"Tobacco Research Board of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, P.O. Box 1909, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
mes G&
"Houghton Poultry Research Station, Houghton, Huntingdon."
decine, 11 Rue Humann, 67085 Strasbourg C&
"Institute of General Biology, Charles University Medical Faculty, Hradec Kr&
"Nuffield Radio Astronomy Laboratories, Jodrell Bank."
on&
Population Council Fellow.&
"Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex."
94 Bic&
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College, University of London."
"Research Association of British Flour Millers, Cereals Research Station, Old London Road, St. Albans, Herts. Aug. 8."
"Medical Department, Gentofte Hospital, Copenhagen. Dec. 4."
r Mineralogie und Lagerst&auml
t G&
"Department of Psychology, Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Physiology, Rutgers&
"Birkbeck College Electronic Computer Project, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. July 30."
4765
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, London, N.W.1. July 20."
"British Ceramic Research Association, Queens Road, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent. Oct. 15."
"Laboratories of the Royal Edward Laurentian Hospital, Montreal. Jan. 15."
"Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1.&
 Service de Biophysique, Associ&
Permanent address: Istituto di Chimica Industriale, Universit&agrave
"Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Agriculture and Horticulture Division, Lenton Experimental Station, Nottingham."
"Centre of Photocorpuscular Physics, Faculty of Science, Valencia. July 1."
Department of Pathology (Western Infirmary), University of Glasgow, Glasgow W2."
ls und der Kohle, RWTH Aachen, Lochnerstrasse 4&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. Aug. 18."
"State Veterinary Serum Laboratory, Copenhagen V. Jan. 22."
Department of Anatomy, Guy''s Campus, United Medical and Dental Schools of Guy''s and St Thomas'' Hospitals, and &
Max-Planck-Institut f&
"School of Physics, Bath University of Technology, Bath."
"Laboratoire de Chimie Min&
Boris Kidritch&
 43, H&
67 (Inserm), B.P. 1018, 34&
n, Arcos de Jal&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Physiology, King''s College of Household and Social Science, University of London. Sept. 18."
al, Montreal 101, Quebec"
 To whom correspondence should be addressed in Philadelphia"
"Division of Pediatric Hematology&
"Medical Research Council, Biophysics Unit, King''s College, 26&
"Solar Physics Observatory, Kodaikanal. April 25."
Departments of &
"Flaaten Experimental Laboratory, Storgt. 51, Oslo."
Biochemistry Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7."
Permanent address: Institute of Phytopathology, Greifswald University, German Democratic Republic."
ge. June 30."
Laboratory of Infectious Diseases, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and &
"Department of Molecular Biology and Plant Physiology, University of Aarhus, C. F. M&
"Department of Physiology, Bedford College (University of London), Regent''s Park, N.W.1. July 28."
Laboratoire de Physiologie, Facult&
"Department of Geology (Applied Geophysics), Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Present address: Laboratorium f&
 di Milano
"Theoretical Studies Branch, NASA&
Program in Cell and Developmental Biology and&
"Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1. May 26."
 Biochemistry, Merck Sharp &amp
r Anorganische, Analytische und Physikalische Chemie, Universit&auml
"Department of Biometry, Galton Laboratory, University College, London."
utica, S&
"Department of Medicine, Postgraduate Medical School of London. June 16."
Department of Microbiology, National Defence Research Establishment, S-90182 Ume&
"Department of Pharmacognosy, Royal Danish School of Pharmacy, Copenhagen."
"Department of Cell Biology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow W2."
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
"Research Laboratories, Ayerst, McKenna and Harrison, Ltd., Montreal. March 29."
"The British Food Manufacturing Industries Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Jan. 5."
 Present address: Department of Surgery, Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Ontario&
ts-Klinik und Poliklinik, T&
"Woodstock Agricultural Research Centre, &
"National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Goddard Space Flight Center, Planetary Ionospheres Branch.Department of Applied Mathematics, University of Sheffield.&
"Zoology Department, University of Allahabad, and Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. Dec. 13."
"Wright Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2.&
"Department of Microbiology, Cellular Immunobiology Unit and &
"Muslim University, Aligarh. April 4."
"Medical Research Council, Experimental Virus Research Unit, Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow."
Present address: Department of Biology, University of Lancaster."
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology,Department of Botany,Department of Mineral Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
 Department of Medical Microbiology, &
partement de Biologie Cellulaire, Universit&
 di Torino. Jan. 21."
"MRC Clinical and Population Cytogenetics Unit and &
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Aug. 24.&
"Physics Department, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Botanical Institute, Tokyo Kyoiku University, Otsuka, Tokyo."
"Division of Biochemistry, Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1.&
Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, and &
 Biochemistry and Biophysics and  &
"Nuffield Foundation Science Teaching Project, 5&
"British Launderers'' Research Association, The Laboratories, Hill View Gardens, Hendon, N.W.4."
"Ashton, Peterborough."
"BP Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury on Thames, Middlesex."
"Lubrication Laboratory, Mechanical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Department of Physics, &
Fibre Research Institute, German Academy of Science, Teltow-Seehof.&
 15Department of Earth Sciences, University ofWales, Cardiff CF1 3YE, UK
 To whom correspondence should be addressed at  the Department of Pharmacology."
"Marine Laboratory, Aberdeen. Nov. 9."
"Instituto de Quimica Agricola.Jardin Bot&
"Fisheries Experiment Station, Conway, North Wales. May 28."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow C1."
"Department of Metabolic Research, Wenner-Gren Institute, Stockholm. Feb. 9."
"Animal Virus Research Institute, Pirbright, Woking, Surrey.&
"Medical Unit, Royal Free Hospital, London.Medical Unit, Charing Gross Hospital, London."
 des Sciences, Code Postal 231, Universit&
"Bayer. Staatssammlung f&
zaval 849, Santiago). March 2."
"Electricity Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Research Laboratories, British Electricity Authority, Randall''s Farm Lane, Leatherhead. Feb. 25."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, Imperial Institute Road, London, S.W.7. March 7."
"Gastroenterological Research Unit, Royal Children''s Hospital, Melbourne."
ge, Avenue de Cointe 5, B-4200 Cointe-Ougr&
Beecham Research Laboratories, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey.&
e, Mus&
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
pital de Bic&
Department of Zoology, Madras University, Madras&
r Hirnforschung, 5 K&
"Anorganisch-chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
Physiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Department of Experimental Haematology, Paterson Laboratories, Christie Hospital &amp
Heiligenberg-Institut, Heiligenberg&
 Rimouski, Rimouski, Qu&
cs. Jan. 2."
"Institute of Dermatology, St John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, London WC2."
 de Montpellier, D&
LURE, B&
"Histological Laboratory, Free University, Amsterdam. Sept. 12."
ncias, Lisbon."
r Medizinische Physik und I. Physikalisches Institut, Universit&auml
Department of Ancient History, Sheffield University"
Service d''A&
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts. March 16."
Radio and Space Research Station, Slough&
"The Sarawak Museum, Kuching, Sarawak. May 25"
"Wantage Research Laboratory, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Wantage, Berkshire."
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn, Herts. Nov. 30."
"Wheatstone Physics Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2.&
"Basic Research Department, Procter and Gamble Limited, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"CNRS UMR49, Ecole Normale Sup&
 Neurology and &
Present address: Department of Botany, University of Glasgow."
"Laboratoire de Physiologie de la Facult&
Departments of Pediatrics and Biochemistry and Laboratories for Reproductive Biology, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27541&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. August 6."
Case Officielle 140, 54037 Nancy C&
"Institute of General Botany, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich."
CSIRO Division of Fossil Fuels and &
Present address: Renal Research Unit, General Infirmary, Leeds, 1."
bingen. April 12."
ophysique de I''Environnement, BP 96, 38402 Samt-Martin-d''H&
"Radiological Protection Service, Clifton Avenue, Sutton, Surrey."
McGill Cancer Centre, McGillUniversity, Montr&
"Medical Research Center, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, Long Island, N.Y.&
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College (University of London), Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1.Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
tv&
ez"
"Institute of Normal and Pathological Physiology, &
"Geriatric Clinic II, Vasa Sjukhus, G&
"Department of Neuroendocrinology, Institute of Psychiatry, Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5. June 22.&
Laboratoire de Neuropsychologie Exp&
"24 Alhambra Road, Southsea, Portsmouth, Hants."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Hendon College of Technology, London."
 de Lyon, Boulevard du 11 Novembre 1918, 69&
o de Gen&
cules, Strasbourg. April 27."
"Applied Physical Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. April 25.&
Present address: Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Institute of Chemistry, University of Uppsala. Feb. 5."
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 12."
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks.Physics Department, King''s College Hospital, London, S.E.5. Feb. 23."
gal.&
"King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2.&
gal."
"Department of Spectroscopy, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi-5."
 Biomechanical Engineering Division, Mechanical Engineering Department and Rehabilitation R &amp
N&
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth&
"Meteorological Office, Bracknell, Berks.&
"Institute of Medical Research, Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney, New South Wales. June 14."
"Erstes Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Botany and Plant Pathology Laboratory, Science Service, Ottawa.Field Husbandry Division, Experimental Farms Service, Ottawa. June 24."
 II&
, Czechoslovakia. May 22."
r Strahlen- und Umweltforschung, Landwehrstr. 61, D-8000 M&
"Laboratory of the Government Chemist, Cornwall House, Stamford Street, London, S.E.1."
Leverhulme Mental Health Research Fund Fellow."
rimentale, 15 rue de I''Ecole de M&
partement de Chimie, Universit&
"Department of Earth Sciences, The University, Leeds LS2 9JT"
 Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, and the &
"First Institute of Physical Chemistry, Technical University, Berlin."
 Present address: MHH, Institut f&
"Applied Chemistry Division, AERE Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire OX11 0RA"
"The Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr. April 5."
r Medizinische Virologie, Univesit&auml
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3."
"Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE, Harwell"
 National Institute for MedicalResearch, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA,UK&
Department of Biochemical Nutrition, Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
"British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, 48, 50 and 52 Tewin Road, Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
"Department of Anatomy of the Medical University, and Laboratory for Electron Microscopy of the J&
"Britannic House, Moor Lane, London EC2"
culaire, Unit&
r Astronomie, 6900 Heidelberg&
To whom all correspondence should be addressed.&
To whom all correspondence should be addressed."
Institutt for Biologi og Geologi, Universitet Troms&
"G. Donegani Research Institute, Montecatini&
"Radar Research Establishment, Ministry of Supply, Great Malvern, Worcs. Oct. 2."
"University Biochemical Laboratory, Madras 25. July 10."
"Research Department, Fisons Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., Holmes Chapel, Cheshire.Department of Chemistry, Loughborough College of Technology, Loughborough, Leicestershire."
Effects on Forest and Fish), 1432 Aas&
"Ministry of Technology, Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcestershire."
"Department of Applied Mathematics, University College, Cardiff."
Hoffmann&
Engineering in Medicine Laboratory, Department of Electrical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7 2BT&
 Chimie des Biomol&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London"
Beit Memorial Research Fellow."
 Srvice de Biochimie et G&
"Department of Botany, Panjab University, Amritsar. May 2."
Present address: Thomas Hedley and Co., Ltd., Newcastle upon Tyne 1."
 de Rennes, Laboratoire de G&
"Zoological Institute, University of Kyoto, Kyoto. Jan. 9."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Aug. 22."
"Admiralty Signal and Radar Establishment, Portsdown, Cosham, Portsmouth, Hants. March 4."
"Department of Pharmacology, The School of Pharmacy, University of London, 29&
UNDP/FAO Tick-borne Diseases Project, East African Veterinary Research Organization Muguga, PO Box 32, Kikuyu&
"Scheme for Cotton Physiological Research, Institute of Plant Industry, Indore. Aug. 16."
r vergleichende Erbbiologie und Erbpathologie, Berlin-Dahlem."
Now with Department of Tsetse Control, Gold Coast."
"Biological Department, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Nov. 10."
"Medical Research Department of F. Hoffmann-La Roche and Co., Ltd., Basle, and the Department of Internal Medicine, University of Basle. Jan. 17."
ontologie, Sigwartstrasse 10, 7400 T&
"Dairy Research Section, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
"Radiation Laboratory, University of Strathclyde."
US Gemini Project Office, &
Department of Physics and Space Sciences, &
"31 Forthill Road, Broughty Ferry, Dundee. Jan. 25."
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, Ashurst Lodge, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berkshire."
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, University of London, E.I. June 23."
 Department of Materials &amp
ltetechnik, Eidgen&
"Department of Biology, &
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks."
"Institut de Bacteriologie et d''Hygiene, Facult&
"Department of Oceanography, The University, Liverpool L69 3 BX"
"Division of Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Sept. 21."
"Department of Biology,Department of Morbid Anatomy, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. Nov. 29."
"Signals Research and Development Establishment (Ministry of Supply), Christchurch, Hants. Aug. 4."
"University Eye Hospital, Department of Experimental Ophthalmology, Roentgenweg 11, 72076 T&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Gower St., London, W.C.1."
"Department of Science, Hatfield Technical College, Herts."
"Boris Kidri&
"INSERM-Unit&
ge, 4000 Li&
 Biochemistry, and &
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield.Laboratoire d''Embryologie, Universit&
"Max-Planck-Institute for Physical Chemistry, G&
ge, B&
"Institute of Normal and Pathological Physiology &
"Rheumatism Research Unit, Royal National Hospital for Rheumatic Diseases, Bath. Dec. 15."
Arndt&
Formerly Radio and Space Research Station."
lection des Animaux de Laboratoire, C.N.R.S., Gif s/Yvette."
rzburg"
 Institute of Planetology, University of M&
 des Venins, and &
Advanced Photon Source, Argonne National Laboratory, Argonne, IIMnois60439,USA&
 Division of Hematology/Oncology and &
"Section de Neurologie et D&
 Permanent address: Depto. de Fisiolog&
Centrede Recherches Volcanologiques et U.A. 10, O.P.G.C., Universit&
"Department of Bacteriology, Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith, London, W.12."
nchen, Arcisstrasse 21, 8000 M&
"Department of Bacteriology, University of Glasgow."
Laboratoire d''Histologie I, Facult&
L. Devoto&
nchen, Goethestrasse 33, 8000 M&
"Department of Physics, Institute of Cancer Research, Downs Branch, Clifton Avenue, Belmont, Near Sutton, Surrey."
partement de Biologic, Service de Biochimie, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
 Centre de Recherche de Biochimie Macromol&
"Research Laboratories, Frank W. Horner, Ltd., Montreal. June 4."
"Histology Laboratory, Free University, Amsterdam."
"Tropical Products Institute (Department of Scientific and) Industrial Research, London.Central Veterinary Laboratory (Ministry of Agriculture), Weybridge."
cas &
"Department of Applied Chemistry, University of Osaka Prefecture, Sakai City, Osaka."
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. Jan. 4."
ne et d''Epid&
"International Laboratory of Genetics and Biophysics, Casella Postale 3061, Naples 80100."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London."
"Physics Department, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
r Biophysikalische Chemie (Karl-Friedrich-Bonhoeffer-Institut), D3400 G&
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin. Sept. 30."
Permanent address: Departamento de F&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. July 23."
mia Society Scholar."
"Department of Chemistry, University, Sheffield 10."
"Department of Physics, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3."
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. Jan. 28."
Laboratory of Immunobiology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Departments of &
r Krebsforschung, Universit&auml
 These authors contributed equally to this letter&
t des Saarlandes, Institut f&
veloppement, Institut de Recherches en Biologie Mol&
"Laboratoire de Biophysique M&
"Cancer Research Department, Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, Glasgow, C.3."
n sobre Fijaci&
"Research Institute for Medicinal Plants, D&
 Cochin, Universit&
"Department of Bacteriology, The Medical School, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1."
Fellow of the Rockefeller Foundation.&
Fellow of the Rockefeller Foundation."
, Vel&
"Jute Agricultural Research Institute, Barrackpore, West Bengal. Sept. 22."
Geology and &
"Royal Technical College, Glasgow. May 9."
"Department of Research, Mobil Research and Development Corporation, Paulsboro Laboratory, Paulsboro, New Jersey."
Present address: Wyeth Institute for Medical Research, Philadelphia, Pa.&
"Department of Physics, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario. Nov. 1."
National Research Laboratories Postdoctorate Fellow, 1945&
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. Feb. 15."
"Central Experiment Station, Centeno, Arima P.O., Trinidad."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Nobel Division, Stevenston, Ayrshire."
Department of Physiological Chemistry and Nutrition, Faculty of Medicine and&
"McGill&
"Institute for Pathology, Beatrix Street, Pretoria. Oct. 10."
ne et de l''Association Claude Bernard, H&
 To whom correspondence should beaddressed"
"Meteorological Office, Edinburgh. April 25."
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. Dec. 5."
Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias, La Laguna, Tenerife"
 Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, Tenn.
Department of Visual Sciences, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London WC1H 9QS&
Merck, Sharp and Dohme Research Fellow."
"Zoology Department, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. April 28."
"Department of Pathology,Department of Medicine, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia."
Present address : Fundamental Food Research Dept., General Mills, Inc., Minneapolis, Minn."
zaval 849, Santiago. June 19."
4040
"Istituto Chimico, Universit&agrave
Department of Medical Microbiology, University of Sheffield."
 Centro Diagnostica Istopatologica, Universita di Pavia a Varese, Ospedale di Circolo, Viale Borri, 57, 1&
"Chilham, Kent."
"Sundv&
"Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Department of Medicine&
"Nuffield Unit for the Investigation of Pyrrole Pigment Metabolism, Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
 Libre de Bruxelles. Cememia, S.P.R.L., Centre de Microscopie &
Molecular Biology and Virology Laboratory and &
Charg&
"Technical College, Birkenhead. March 19."
x0013D
Oxlynch, Stonehouse, Gloucestershire.&
Lunar and Planetary Laboratory and &
a y Anatom&
"Cerebos Group Research, Ltd., West Mills, Colinton, Edinburgh."
 aux universit&
"Research Laboratories of the State Alcohol Monopoly, Helsinki. June 3."
"University Botany Laboratory, Madras 5. March 31."
"Institute of Applied Microbiology, University of Tokyo."
"Department of Human Anatomy and Department of Pathology, Belgian Centre of Normal and Pathological Growth, University of Ghent. Feb. 2."
"Department of Anatomy, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1.Medical Unit, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
Fr&
Institute of Geological Sciences, Halton, Leeds"
"Oceanografiska Institutet, G&
r Biochemie, M&
"Laboratory for General and Technical Biology, Technical University, Delft. March 21."
"Obstetric Medicine Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Aberdeen Maternity Hospital,"
C.N.E.N.), Frascati, Roma."
Present address: Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Parasitology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
ochimiques et Ecole Nationale Sup&
On leave of absence from the Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
 og Havunders&
"Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
"Institute of Genetics, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G11 5JS"
Present address: Vision Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd St., London, W.C.1."
"Wright-Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2."
tique de I''INSERM, Facult&
"Radar Research Establishment (Ministry of Supply), Malvern, Worcs. Feb. 4."
"Hilger and Watts, Ltd., 98 St. Pancras Way, London, N.W.1, and Surgical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital, Paddington, London, W.2.&
Biochemische Abteilung, Diabetes Forschungs institut, Auf''m Hennekamp 65,D-4000 D&
Department of Pharmacology, Astra Research Laboratories, Astra, S-15185 S&
"Zoology Department, University College, London.&
"Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110&
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. May 23."
 Neurosciences and &
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Dec. 6."
 Libre de Bruxelles, Jardin Jean Massart, 1850 Chauss&
"Research Laboratories, Kodak, Ltd., Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex."
Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, 37077 G&
"Division of Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7. July 14."
partment de Biologic Mol&
. Jan. 24."
"Ditton Laboratory, Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, East Mailing, Kent. Jan. 2."
"Department of Chemistry, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1. April 28."
ru 10, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
 de Biochimie de l''Oxyg&
"Department of Theoretical Cybernetics, University of Kiev"
"Department of Neuroendocrinology, Institute of Psychiatry, Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5."
"Department of Physics, University of Keele."
"Medical Research Council, Department of Clinical Research, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Nov. 20.&
"Division of Biochemistry, National Chemical Laboratory, Poona 7. March 8."
"Department of Psychiatry, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Research Centre, The British Petroleum Co., Ltd., Kirklington Hall, Near Newark. March 3."
"Department of Chemistry, Saint Joseph''s College, Philadelphia."
"Physiology Institute, Newport Road, Cardiff. Jan. 17."
"Servi&
"Biological Department, C. Erba Istitute, Milan, and Institute of General Physiology, University of Parma."
 Molecular Biology Division, Central Research and Development, E.I. DuPont de Nemours &amp
Universities Space Research Association&
Centro de Biolog&
"Department of Horticulture, Wye College, University of London, Wye, Ashford, Kent."
Institute for Chemical Plant Physiology, University of T&
"The Evans Biological Institute, Runcorn, Cheshire. May 5."
"Institute for Experimental Medical Research and Medical Department VII, Ullevaal Hospital, Oslo."
"Irvington House Institute, Rheumatic Diseases Study Group, Departments of Medicine and Pathology&
"Service de Biologie, Commissariat &agrave
cologie, Universit&
"Medical Department for Non-Ruminants and Department for Clinical Biochemistry, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm 51."
"Department of Neuropathology, Max-Planck-Institute for Psychiatry, Munich."
nggerberg, 8093 Z&
"J. Heyrovsk&
Department of Physiological Chemistry and &
 Obstetrics, Gynecology and ReproductiveSciences, and&
t in Giessen."
rerh&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Great Westminster House, Horseferry Road, London SW1"
"Zoology Department, King''s College, University of London, Strand, London, W.C.2. Feb. 22.&
t, Frankfurt am Main. Sept. 4."
Institut d''A&
 Present address: Cell Pathology Division, Clinical Research Centre, Harrow, Middlesex."
"Central Research Institute for Chemistry of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Hung&
"Western Infirmary, Glasgow, W.1."
"Department of Medical Physics, University of G&
 Present address:Department of Anatomy and Developmental Biology, University CollegeLondon, Rockefeller Building, University Street, London WC1E 6JJ,UK."
"Department of Metallurgy, University of Menchester"
"Istituto di Patologia Medica, Universit&agrave
Present address : Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London."
"Research Institute for Rheumatic Diseases, Pie&
r Chemie, Heidelberg.&
Member of the scientific staff of the Agricultural Research Council."
Riker Fellow in Pharmacology."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1. Dec. 20."
University of Concepci&
"Department of Botany, University, Glasgow. Sept. 27."
"Institut L&
56359
r Faserstoff-Forschung, Teltow-Seehof."
"University of London. Nov. 30."
matology, University Hospital, Leyden. April 24."
t, Bonn.Universit&auml
"Departments of Physiology and of Veterinary Physiology, University of Edinburgh."
"Louis Jenner Laboratory and Department of Clinical Pathology, St. Thomas''s Hospital and Medical School, London, S.E.1."
eologique et G&
res, Seine et Oise."
Anthropologie, J. W. Goethe Universitat, Frankfurt A. M. Brd            &
63543
"Department of Drug Research, Institute for Experimental Medical Research, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, P.O.B. 87, Budapest 9."
Pathology, &
ve, Suisse."
"Divisions of  &
Dynamique des interactions moleculaires, Universit&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk."
Department of Anatomy and Cell Biology, Faculty of Medicine,&
"B.S.A. Group Research Centre, Greystones Hall, Greystones Hall Road, Sheffield 11. May 29."
Present address: Institute of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow, Glasgow W2."
Laboratory for Organic Chemistry, Eidgen&
"Laboratorium der Stiftung zur Erforschung der spinalen Kinderl&auml
Present address: Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Fermentation Research Division, Sefton Park, Stoke Poges, Bucks."
"Defence Research Chemical Laboratories, Ottawa."
"Research Department, Ferranti Electronics, A Division of Ferranti-Packard Electric, Ltd., Toronto."
U.S.P.H.S. Predoctoral Fellows."
Chester Beatty Research Institute, London SW3 6JB"
"Abt. Biophysikalische Chemie, Biozentrum der Universit&auml
"Chemistry Department, Whitehaven College of Further Education, Flatt Walks, Whitehaven."
"Coll&
Biological Response Modifiers Program, Division of Cancer Treatment, National Cancer Institute &
"Royal Microscopical Society, B.M.A. House, Tavistock Square, London, W.C.1. Dec. 2."
 To whom correspondenc should be addressed."
Department of Agricultural Biochemistry&
Present address: Department of Zoology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"C.S.I.R. Research Group for the Study of Ageing, Department of Physiology, University of Natal, Durban."
"Facultad de Qu&
ontologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam. Aug. 22."
"Institute for Histology and Laboratory for Electron Microscopy, University of Ghent."
"Exxon Research and Engineering Company, Linden, New Jersey 07036"
"Health Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Feb. 24."
To whom all correspondence should be addressed at the Department of Neurology."
 Institute of Nutrition, Budapest."
"Departments of Cell Biology and Anatomy andof &
"Biological Department, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Pharmaceutical Microbiology Group, School of Pharmacy, Bath University, Somerset.&
"Biological Department, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1.&
 Max-Planck Institut f&
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen. May 8."
"Department of Biology&amp
ssle-Clinic, Institutes for Medicine and Biology, German Academy of Sciences, Berlin-Buch."
Laboratoire de Geochimie Isotopique&
r Mathematik,Universit&auml
Istituto di Geologia &amp
Present address: Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts."
"Thornton Research Centre, &
a y Geodesia, Facultad de Ciencias Matem&
"Departments of Physics and Experimental Pathology, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middlesex."
 Department of Genetics and &
"Commonwealth Serum Laboratories, Melbourne, Victoria. Nov. 18."
rale et de Pharmacologie, Universit&
Immunology Unit and &
Diversity Sciences, &
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University College, Galway."
Biology,and &
 Max-Delbr&
 Molecular and Medical Genetics and &
"Institute of Analytical Chemistry, University of Naples."
Present address: Department of Zoology, University College, London, W.C.1."
Department of Experimental Neurology, Institute of Psychiatry, London.&
r Experimental-physik, 66 Saarbr&
"Ship Division, National Physical Laboratory, Faggs Road, Feltham, Middlesex"
Laboratorium Algemene Biologie, Instituut Moleculaire Biologie, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1640 Rhode St Gen&
r Chemie, Mainz."
r Chemie, Mainz.&
"Bayer Biological Institute, Exning, Newmarket, Suffolk."
"Isotopes, Inc., 123 Woodland Avenue, Westwood, New Jersey."
"Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts, Institute for Medical Research (incorporating the Institute of Industrial Hygiene), Zagreb."
"I.C.I. (Paints Division), Marine Biological Station, Cumber House, Manor Road, Brixham. June 5."
decine, 11 rue Humann,67085 Strasbourg C&
"Dipartimento di Scienze Fisiologiche, Universit&agrave
Program in Cellular Biochemistry and Biophysics, Sloan&
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, 1 Princes Gate, London.Marine Biological Association, Plymouth."
"Oxlynch, Nr. Stonehouse, Glos."
"Departments of Physical Chemistry, Microbiology and Surgery, and Centre Anti-Canc&
s, D(BM)2, Universit&
"Department of Zoology, University, Glasgow, and Marine Station, Millport. Sept. 6."
Now professor of applied sciences, Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh."
rales, Universit&
Present address: School of Pharmacy, The Polytechnic, Sunderland, Co. Durham.&
"Cancer Research Department, Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, Glasgow. Nov. 30."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, Marischal College, Aberdeen."
8000 M&
htitorninm&auml
 Laboratoire de Min&
"Clinique Ophtalmologique et Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"The Wright-Fleming Institute of Microbiology,Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Chemistry Department, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee. March 16."
"Laboratorio de Microbiolog&
"Marine Sciences Research Laboratory and Department of Biology, Memorial University, St John''s, Newfoundland"
"34 Autumn Street, Geelong West, Victoria."
"General Motors Research Laboratories, Box 188, North End Station, Detroit 2. Oct. 31."
UCLA Medical School, Los Angeles.&
"Whitbread and Co., Ltd., Chiswell Street, London, E.C.1. Feb. 22."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Hendon College of Technology, London, N.W.4."
"Central Research Laboratories Research Division, Armour and Company, Chicago, Ill. (U.S.A.). October 8.&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute Laboratories, &
"Unidad de Paleontolog&
Present address: Department of Chemistry, Ris&
"Laboratory for Organic Chemistry, University of Ghent. Sept. 26."
"Vacuum Physics Division, Mullard Research Laboratories, Redhill, Surrey."
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, (North Eastern Area), Haddon Lodge, 32 Rutland Drive, Harrogate, Yorks. June 24."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 6."
"Government Hospital &
"University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 31."
o de Microscopia Eletr&
n de Bioqu&
culaire et Toxicologie G&
"Centro de Investigaciones Biol&
 Micrion Europe GmbH, Garmischer Strasse 4/V, 80339 M&
"Observatory and Astrophysics Laboratory, T&auml
Present address: General Foods Corporation, 250 North Street, White Plains, N.Y. 10625, U.S.A."
Duphar&
Ionospheric Institute, National Observatory of Athens.&
Chimie et Electrochimie des Mat&
"Department of Chemistry,ETH Z&
"Laboratory Animals Centre, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton."
"Department of Physiology, College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Rutgers Medical School, Piscataway, New Jersey 08854"
"Department of Pathology, St. Francis Hospital, Jersey City, New Jersey."
ge. July 19."
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey, Oct. 22."
Rudjer Bo&
Physics, and &
"Applied Geochemistry Research Group, Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7."
10, 296&
"Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Food Investigation Organization, Torry Research Station, Aberdeen. June 11."
"Plessey Co., Ltd., Caswell Research Laboratories, Towcester, Northants. May 24.&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.1.&
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo. Oct. 4."
Laboratoire de Glaciologie et de G&
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire. Nov. 9."
hoku University, Sendai. March 23."
r Theoretische Physik der Universit&auml
The Nuffield Institute of Comparative Medicine, The Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London NW1."
Department of Medicine, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London W12"
"Laboratori Centro Informazioni Studi Esperienze, Milano. March 6."
"Medical University Clinic, Zurich. Nov. 28."
"Physics Department, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London E1"
Central Research Units, Hoffman La-Roche &amp
"Department of Biology, Laurentian University, Sudbury, Ontario"
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen.Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, University of Edinburgh."
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Sept. 15."
 di Firenze."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 8."
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, 32 Rutland Drive, Harrogate, Yorkshire."
CRPG-CNRS, BP 20, 54501 Vandoeuvre-l&
"Departmento de F&
"Research Laboratories, Electric and Musical Industries, Ltd., Blyth Road, Hayes, Middlesex. Feb. 27."
"Governmental Vitamin Laboratory, Norwegian Fisheries Research Institute, Bergen."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, The University, Glasgow, W.2. April 8."
Present address: Department of Chemistry and Biology, Sheffield Polytechnic, Pond Street, Sheffield S1 1WB."
r Strahlenbiologie der Universit&auml
Dipartimento di Fisica dell''Universit&agrave
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. June 28."
rique Militaire, Freiburg."
"Department of Geophysics, L. E&
"Special Construction Bureau of R&
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire. May 14."
Dipartimento di Ingegneria Industriale, Universit&agrave
Jaime Ferr&
"Laboratoire de Biologie Animale,Laboratoire de Zoologie, Facult&
Fondation Curie, B&
ntgenring 10."
ejov, Czechoslovakia. Feb. 19."
verl&
"Division of Surgical Sciences, Clinical Research Centre, Watford Road, Harrow, Middlesex HA1 3UJ"
ru, Brno."
 Biophysics Section, Blackett Laboratory, Imperial College of Science and Technology, Prince Consort Road, London SW7 2BZ, UK
"Department of Pathology, Royal Veterinary College, London."
To  whom corrrespondence should be  addressed"
s University, Budapest. Jan. 8."
"Department of Bacteriology, University College, Ibadan.Federal Institute of Industrial Research, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Lagos. Dec. 23."
To whom correspondence should be sent.            &
Formerly of Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Paints Division, Marine Research Station, Brixham.Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Paints Division, Marine Research Station, Brixham.Messrs. Ilford, Tavistock House, North, Tavistock Square, London, W.C.1."
r Forstbotanik, Eberswalde, Humboldt-Universit&auml
INSERM U.91, H&
"School of Pharmacy, The Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow, C.1."
"Department of Surgery, University of Li&
"East African Institute of Malaria and Vector Borne Diseases, Amani, Tanga, Tanganyika. Oct. 2."
"Biology Division, Institute &
Farmitalia post-doctoral Fellow."
"Advanced Instrumentation Unit, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
Department of Planetary Sciences and Lunar and Planetary Laboratory, and &
"Transvaal Museum, Pretoria."
"I. Zool. Institut der Universit&auml
 CellBiology and Neuroscience, and &
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9."
Present address: Facultad de Ciencias Exactas y Naturales, Universidad de Buenos Aires."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9.&
"Laboratoire d''Histophysiology, Coll&
166 Old Street, London, W.C.1."
"Division of Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Oct. 28."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. May 26."
"National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, PO Box 12233, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709"
"National Cancer Centre, Research Institute, Tokyo"
"Finsen Laboratory, Copenhagen &
tique, 69621 Villeurbanne&
 Department of Materials,&
Sector Electroqu&
"Chemistry and Solid-State Physics Divisions, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
DBRC, The Randall Institute, King''s College, 26&
"HM Nautical Almanac Office, Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex."
"Department of Pharmacology, University College, London, W.C.1. March 10."
matology, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro."
bingen, PO Box 1149, D-7400 T&
"Geologisch-pal&auml
"Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Bombay.University Department of Chemical Technology, Bombay."
berlingen &
 S-901 87 Ume&
culaire des PlantesSup&
Present address: Abrasive Research Center, Carborundum, Niagara Falls."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Nov. 1."
"Department of Physical Chemistry and Coke Research, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. May 15."
"Boris Kidritch Institute for Nuclear Sciences, Belgrade. Jan. 15."
"Department of Human Genetics, University of Edinburgh, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh EH4 2HU."
"Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey 08540&
tedra de Inmunolog&
"Physics Department, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
Present address: Microbiological Research Establishment, Porton, Nr. Salisbury."
 de recherches &agrave
"Department of Botany, University of Glasgow. Dec. 5.&
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W.1."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London. April 25."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment. Harwell. August 24."
"Division of Neurophysiology, Department of Neurology, Children''s Hospital Medical Center, and Department of Neurology, Harvard Medical School"
Career Development awardee U.S. Public Health Service.&
"Metallurgy Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Dec. 29."
"Surgical Unit, St George'' Hospital, London SW1&
 Universit&
"Dairy Buildings, Biochemistry Section, University College, Aberystwyth. Oct. 3."
"Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield, and Department of Genetics, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo."
Department of Physics, University of Sheffield&
1343
"Torry Research Station, (Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Aberdeen. Nov. 25."
"Department of Bacteriology and Immunology and Curriculum in Genetics, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
Chester Beatty Research Institute, London"
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Aberystwyth.Swedish Seed Association, Sval&
Sanofi Elf-Biorecherches, BP137, 31328 Lab&
"Pharmacognosy Department, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Feb. 22."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Meteorological Physics, Aspendale, S.13, Victoria.&
Medical Research Council Abnormal Haemoglobin Research Unit."
"The British Ceramic Research Association, Queens Road, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent. Nov. 22."
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. May 24."
Department of Psychiatry, &
ttingen, Goldschmidtstr. 1, D-3400 G&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario.&
The Abbey, Caldey Island, Off Tenby, Pembrokeshire&
cology, University of Nijmegen, St. Radboud Hospital, St. Annastraat 315, Nijmegen."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario."
"Research Laboratories of Electrical and Musical Industries, Ltd., Hayes, Middlesex."
Now at the Department of Zoology, University, Sheffield."
k, Kazn&
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, Melbourne. Oct. 26."
 Neuroscience and &
Colombo Plan Scholar."
"Bacteriology Section, Plant Diseases Division, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Auckland."
Department of Clinical Pharmacology, St Bartholemew''s Hospital, London&
 Arthur A. Noyes Laboratory of Chemical Physics and &
Fellow from the C.A.P.E.S."
"Institut d''Hygi&
, Via Zamboni, 67, 40127 Bologna, and Istituto di Scienze della Terra dell''Universit&agrave
Department of Immunohaematology, University Hospital Leiden&
U.S. Public Health Service Research Fellow of the National Microbiological Institute."
"Medical Research Council Molecular Neurobiology Unit and&
nster, 4400 M&
"Department of Medicine, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Feb. 25."
 Institute for Nuclear Sciences, Po&
Present address: Daniel Baugh Institute of Anatomy, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia, Pa.&
Now with the Central Electricity Generating Board."
r Immunbiologie and Medizinische Universit&auml
"Breitbrunn/Chiemsee, Bavaria."
rale et Mini&
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. April 17."
al, CP168, Succursale A, Montr&
r Biologie der Universit&auml
"Division of Low Temperature Biology, Clinical Research Centre Laboratories, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
"The Laboratory, St. Andrew''s Hospital, Northampton."
t Berlin"
"Chemistry Department, University, Sheffield 10. July 27."
t, W&
"Department of Biology, Institute &
 deM&
Department of Mineral Exploitation, University of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff"
Formerly A. M. Grady."
nd, Budapest."
, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709&
"Estaci&
Immunology Research Center, and &
r Mekanik och Matematisk Fysik, Stockholms H&
Earth Sciences and &
European Space Research Institute, Frascati.&
"U.S. Naval Medical Research Unit No. 2, 7&
 di Ingegneria, Universit&agrave
r Mikrobiologie der Ernst&
Rega Institut, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven&
"Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries National Agricultural Advisory Service, Wye, Ashford, Kent. Sept. 26."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Armidale, New South Wales. Aug. 15."
r Biochemie, 8033 Martinsried b. M&uuml
"Department of Physiology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. March 7."
"Centro de Endocrinologia, Ministerio de Asistencia Social y Salud Publica, Godoy Cruz 1221, Buenos Aires."
 Istituto di Fisiologia Umana,Universit&agrave
"Montecatini Antibiotic Research Laboratory.National Cancer Institute, Milan."
"Federal Institute for Water Resources and Water Pollution Control (EAWAG), Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Z&
Juan de la Cierva&
Laboratoire des Sciences du G&
t, Innsbruck.&
Institute of Petroleum and Organic Geochemistry, Kernforschungsanlage Julich, Postfach 1913, D-5170 J&
Max-Planck-lnstitut fur Z&
"Laboratory of Neuroanatomy, Department of Neurobiology, Max-Planck-Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Postbox 968, Am Fa&
"Experimental Oil Test Group, Research Department, Vickers-Armstrongs, Ltd., Elswick Works, Newcastle upon Tyne 4. Oct. 12."
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Feb. 16."
P&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. July 28."
"Institute of Public Health, Tokyo.Kiriu College of Technology, Gunma University, Kiriu.National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Tokyo."
"Department of Biochemistry and Nutrition, Polytechnic Institute, and The Danish Fat Research Institute, Copenhagen. June 12."
"Zoological Department, University, Padua."
r Chemie, Heidelberg, and Pharmakologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Geologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Division of Meteorological Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Sept. 22."
"Department of Biological Sciences, College of Technology, Portsmouth."
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. March 15."
"MRC Neuropsychiatric Research Unit, Carshalton, Surrey."
ge, 45 rue des &
"Department of Botany, Royal College of Science, London, S.W.7. Sept. 5."
SA Department of Agriculture, 133&
"Physiological Laboratory, Institut des Hautes &
"Anatomy Department, London Hospital Medical College.&
"Istituto di anatomia patologica, Universit&agrave
mica, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"Zoologisches Iristitut, Karl-Marx-Universit&auml
r Experimentelle Medizin, Abteilung Chemie, 34 G&
"Physiology Department,Wright-Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School. Aug. 22.&
"Boris Kidritch Institute for Nuclear Sciences, Po&
"Laboratoire de Physique de la Mati&
Biochemistry,&
"MRC Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire.&
Department of Urology, Royal Hospital, Sheffield&
"MRC Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
"Department of Psychology, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario"
"Anti-Malaria Division, Department of Medical and Sanitary Services, Colombo 7, Ceylon. May 16."
"Department of Physiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2.Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1."
Firth Research Laboratories, Princess Street, Sheffield 4. Jan. 6."
"Natural Philosophy Department, University of Glasgow. Dec. 16."
"The University, Nottingham.Royal College of Surgeons, London."
"Tin Research Institute, Fraser Road, Greenford, Middlesex."
"Division of Chemistry, Science Service, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. Nov. 3."
Division of Fisheries Research and &
, Via 8 Bialla, Milan. Dec. 12."
Department of Electrical and Control Engineering, Cranfield Institute of Technology, Cranfield, Bedfordshire."
"Department of Bacteriology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Uppsala"
"Westminster Medical School, London, S.W.1. Sept. 29."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Nov. 6."
"Division of Physics, Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Kjeller."
Present address: Biology Division, Atomic Energy Establishment Trombay, Bombay."
Department of Dermatology II, &
hoku University, Sendai."
rmedizinische Fakult&auml
"Royal Observatory, Edinburgh EH9 3HJ"
"I.N.E.A.C., Laboratoire des collo&
 135, 01239-S&
"Laboratoires de Biochimie et Enzymologie et de Chimioth&
rich, Birchstrasse 95, 8050 Z&
r 2, Budapest, 7."
r Geowissenschaften, Justus-Liebig-Universit&auml
"Department of Physiology, The Facult&
tsinstitut f&
"Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead, Surrey. Oct. 10."
Present address: The Salk Institute for Biological Studies."
University Department of Psychiatry, Royal Edinburgh Hospital, Morningside Park, Edinburgh.&
6124
"Department of Chemistry, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Nov. 26."
Department of Clinical Neurophysiology, Academic Hospital, S&
 GSF-lnstitut f&
gico, Rua Cear&
"Research Unit in Radiobiology, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middx. Jan. 29."
mica, Instituto Espa&
Geonafta&
Present address: Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London.&
"Space Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants."
"Departments of Pharmacology&
"Folkh&auml
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Diseases of the Chest, Brompton, London, S.W.3."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. May 14."
"Physics Research Division, Armour Research Foundation, Chicago."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm, and Cancer Research Division, Radiumhemmet, Stockholm. Dec. 1."
Fellow of Unesco Fund.Danmarks Fiskeri&
"Institute of Tropical Medicine, Antwerp.Institut Beige pour l''Encouragement &agrave
culaire et Cellulaire, 1 rue Laurent Fries, 67404 Illkirch C&
"Second and First Medical Clinic of the Palack&
Scripps Institution of Oceanography and D&
Laboratoire des diatom&
"Laboratories of Environmental Toxicology and Carcinogenesis, and Laboratories of Biostatistics, Children''s Cancer Research Foundation
Molecular and Medical Genetics, and &
sy/Gen&
"University, Leeds. May 13."
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1. Aug. 6."
"Isotope Division, Cancer Institute, Madras, 20.&
"c/o F.I.D. Scientific Bureau, Crown Agents, 4 Millbank, London, S.W.l. Sept. 8."
"Department of Botany, University of Allahabad."
Department of Pediatrics, University of Link&
ts-Klinik, Erlangen."
"Institutes of Physical Chemistry and Biochemistry, Uppsala. Sept. 13."
"Governmental Vitamin Laboratory, Norwegian Fisheries Research Institute, Bergen. Dec. 29."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Tropical Pastures, Cunningham Laboratory, Mill Road, St. Lucia, Queensland."
"Metrology, Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. July 26."
"How&
"Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell. June 4."
rich, Schmelzbergstrasse 22, 8091 Z&
"Energy Conversion Ltd, Priestly Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire.Department of Chemistry, The City University, London EC1."
 Retinoid Chemistry, &
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin, Isle of Man. Sept. 30."
"Agricultural Research Department, Danish Atomic Energy Commission Research Establishment, Ris&
 Mixte de Recherche 9925, Universit&
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds Ltd., Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead. Nov. 11."
"Physics Department, University of Stockholm. Dec. 14."
aires, University of Li&
ln, K&
Medical Research Associate of the National Research Council."
"Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
 Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Queen Elizabeth College, London, W.8."
Pre-doctoral Fellow of the National Institutes of Health."
"Chemical Laboratory, University of Kent, Canterbury.&
"Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Berkshire. April 4."
"Plymouth College of Technology, Plymouth, Devon."
"Department of Biochemistry, Centro de Investigati&
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1. March 23."
 1956&
 Garches. Dec. 29."
University of M&
Wadsworth Center for Laboratories &amp
Materials Science Division &amp
, Rydes Hill Crescent, Guildford, Surrey. May 31."
 and Physiology&
"Nutrition Department, Queen Elizabeth College (University of London), Campden Hill Road, London, W.8. July 30."
 Laboratory of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and &
Paediatric Department, Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital, Exeter&
x000C7
Edward Davies Chemical Laboratories, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Meteorological Research Unit, Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern"
rate et appliqu&
"Poultry Research Centre, Agricultural Research Council, Edinburgh, 9."
"Westminster Hospital.Maida Vale Hospital.Postgraduate Medical School, University of London, W.12."
Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London E1"
 Institute of Gerontology,&
Hahn-Meitner-Institut, Bereich Strahlenchemie, 1 Berlin, 39"
Dermatology and  &
 Departments of Medicine and &
"Institute of Genetics, University of Uppsala, Uppsala."
Department of Medical Genetics, BiomedicalResearch Center, and &
"Governmental Vitamin Laboratory, Norwegian Fisheries Research Institute, Bergen. April 12."
ttingen,FRG"
The Cellular Immunobiology Unit of the Tumor Institute, Department of Microbiology, and The Comprehensive Cancer Center, and &
"Istituto di Genetica, Universita, Pavia. June 5."
"Molslaboratoriet, Femm&
t T&
Present address: I Physiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Institute of Zoophysiology, University of Uppsala. Dec. 9."
 Isotope Sciences Division (L-231) and &
Biology Graduate Program, &
"Department of Human Anatomy, and Belgian Centre of Normal and Pathological Growth, University of Ghent. Dec. 14."
"Military Institute of Medical Research and Postgraduate Study, Hradec Kr&
Fraunhofer Institut f&
39, 7400 T&
Plant Diseases Division, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Auckland"
"Institute of Obstetrical and Gynaecological Research, The Royal Maternity Hospital, Glasgow."
"Department of Chemistry, Institute for Infectious Diseases, University of Tokyo."
"Bakteriologisches Institut d. S&
r Physikalische und Theoretische Chemie, Freie Universit&auml
To whow correspondence should be addressed."
Permanent address: Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
Nieders&auml
"Departments of Genetics&
, L. Amaducci&
Now at Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974."
CSATA, Universit&agrave
e de Bruxelles, Mons"
"Section on Hormonal Regulation, Reproduction Research Branch, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, and &
"Department of Chemistry, University, Sydney. June 15."
"Institute of Neurobiology, University of G&
"Institut d'' Astronomie et de G&
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Nov. 22."
"Department of Mathematics, King''s College, University of London, London, W.C.2."
"University College, London, W.C.1. April 24."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Oct. 27."
"Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, Villejuif (Seine)."
"Upper Atmosphere Section, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Camden, New South Wales."
"22 Golf Crescent, Troon."
"Laboratorio di Geologia Nucleare, Universit&agrave
r Theoretische Physik III, Universit&auml
"Bedford College, University of London, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. March 1."
Aide technique &agrave
Lab 2M/CNRS, 196 avenue Henri Rav&
br&
"Biochemistry Department, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, 62&
"Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow, C.1."
sseldorf, Ulenbergstrasse 127"
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 19."
"Laboratory of Histology, Faculty of Medicine, University, Brussels. Jan. 30."
 Present address: Unit&
"Departments of Geology and Chemistry, Queen Mary College, London, E.1.&amp
"Sarawak Museum, Kuching, British Borneo. Oct. 1."
 Research, Ltd., Thornton Research Centre, P.O. Box 1, Chester.&
 Research, Ltd., Thornton Research Centre, P.O. Box 1, Chester."
"Istituto di Fisiologia Generale Speciale degli Animali Domestici e Chimica Biolgica del l''Universit&agrave
Department of Microbiology and Immunology,and&
Present address: Division of Physical Sciences, University of the West Indies, St. Augustine, Trinidad."
a, and C&
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra."
"Atominstitut der &
 d''Oran, Es S&
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 10."
 libre de Bruxelles. Jan. 14."
ol de Fisiolog&
"Rheumatology Section, Department of Medicine, Hahnemann Medical College and Hospital, Philadelphia.&
 di Milano, Via S. Barnaba, 8, Milan."
"Department of Zoology, University of Ceylon. Feb. 19."
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Holmdel, New Jersey."
Max-Volmer-Institut, Abteilung Biochemie, Technische Universit&auml
"International Research and Development Co., Ltd., Newcastle upon Tyne, 6."
, Biology&
12."
Present address: Radio and Space Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough."
 CEREGE, Universit&
"Veterinary Research Station, May and Baker, Ltd., Ongar. Aug. 26."
"18 Oakdale Drive, Heald Green, Cheshire,"
riologie, Facult&
"British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, Welwyn Garden City, Herts.Department of Applied Physics, Northampton Polytechnic, London, E.C.1. Jan. 24."
t, Von-Esmarch-Str. 56, D-44 M&
Department of Pharmacology and &
 Laboratory of Cellular &
lpicher Strasse 47, 5000 K&
r Mikrobiologie der Universit&auml
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. May 10."
nchen, Luisenstrasse 14, D-8000 M&
"National Institute of Mental Health,National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda 14, Md."
"37 Wordsworth Avenue, London, E.18"
Present address: Department of Pharmacology, Lilly Research Centre, Ltd, Erl Wood Manor, Windlesham, Surrey."
"Charing Cross Hospital, London, W.C.2. Nov. 3."
"Department of Medicine and Clinical Investigation, Institut Jules Bordet, 1 rue H&
"Moredun Research Institute, 408 Gilmerton Road, Edinburgh 9."
"Laboratoria voor Morfologie and Systematiek, Museum voor Dierkunde Ledeganckstraat 35 B-9000 Gent"
"Laboratoire de Th&
Department of Anatomy, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo 113"
Museumof Palaeontology, University of Uppsala, Norbyv&auml
Present address: Division of Pathology, Presbyterian&
"Istituto di Cancerologia, Universit&agrave
tique et Pathologie Foetale, Ch&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Department of Pharmacology, &
"Geological Survey of Ipoh, Federation of Malaya.Technical University, Berlin."
aires de Saclay&
"Department of Anatomy, Chicago Medical School."
"Department of Biological Chemistry, University, Aberdeen. Sept. 3."
r biophysikalische Chemie, Am Fassberg, 3400 G&
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. April 28."
"Biologisches Institut I (Zoologie), Albert-Ludwigs-Universit&auml
"6171 Sherbrooke St., W., Montreal 28."
Biochemistry and Biophysics, and &
"Central Research Institute of Building Material, Budapest, 10."
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 17."
Istituto di Chimica Biologica, Universit&agrave
"Department of Engineering, University of Edinburgh. March 27."
To whom reprint requests should be addressed at NAMRU-2, Box 14, AP0 SF 96263."
"Microbiological Institute, Belgrade University School of Pharmacy, Belgrade. Feb. 26."
Molecular Microbiology and Immunology, and &
INSERM, U93, H&
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Glos."
"Soil Chemistry Department, National Agricultural Advisory Service, Elswick Hall, Elswick Park, Newcastle upon Tyne 4."
Department of Developmental and Cell Biology and &
partment de Chimie, Universit&
t Munchen, 805 Freising-Weihenstephan"
al, 110 ouest, Avenue de Pins, Montr&
"Institut d''Immuno-Biologie, H&
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Research Division, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey."
ral Leclerc, 94270-Bic&
Department of Oceanography, The University, Liverpool L69 3BX"
Department of Oceanography, The University, Liverpool L69 3BX&
 Universities Space ResearchAssociation&
"Institute of Forest Botany, Royal School of Forestry, Stockholm."
Democritos&
r Biochemie, Goethestrasse 31, 8 M&
"Depts. of Physiology and Physical Medicine, The London Hospital, E.1. April 3."
"Neurologische, Universit&auml
II Physiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
 di Roma. March 15."
"Royal Danish School of Pharmacy, Botanical Laboratory, Copenhagen."
INSERM U.114, Coll&
Reproductive Physiology, Animal Research Institute, Ottawa, Ontario K1A 0C6&
"Inst. f&
 Cancer Biology Research Program, Sunnybrook Health Science Centre, and &
"Department of Surgery,Department of Veterinary Physiology, University of Glasgow."
"Istituto Superiore Di Sanit&agrave
"Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, London, N.W.3."
"Hydrobiology Group, Nuclear Research Center &
Equipe de Biologie du D&
"Geography and Geology Department, Sir John Cass College, London."
"Laboratory of Biochemistry and Reproduction, Clinic of Veterinary Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University Centre &
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Fulham Road, London."
"Department of Phylogenetics and Genetics, E&
"British Electrical and Allied Industries Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Middlesex. March 25."
"National Physical Laboratory, Ship Division, Foggs Road, Feltham, Middlesex."
Bio-Engineering Group for the Study of Human Joints, Rheumatism Research Unit,&
s de l''Institut Interuniversitaire Belge des Sciences Nucl&
"Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London WC1H 9QS"
"MRC Epigenetics Research Group, Department of Genetics.Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh.&
Rosenstiel Basic Medical Sciences Research Center, &
r physikalische Chemie der Akademie der Wissenschaften der DDR, 1199 Berlin-Adlershof, Rudower Chaussee 5, Berlin, DDR"
"Department of Biochemistry, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Permanent Magnet Association, Central Research Laboratory, Brown Street, Sheffield 1. Feb. 6."
"Department of Chemistry, Fisons Fertilizers, Ltd., Levington Research Station, Levington, Suffolk."
Exploration and Production, Research Division, BP Research Centre, Sunbury-on-Thames&
"Department of Chemistry, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"Clinica del Lavoro &
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. June 1."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Wildlife Survey Section, Canberra."
Wellcome Research Fellow."
partement de Biologie, Service de Biochimie, Centre d''Energie Atomique Saclay B.P. no. 2 91190 Gif sur Yvette&
"Computing Research Division, International Computers Ltd, London NW10."
"Regional Research Centre, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, British West Indies."
tica, Campus de Guaratinguet&
Fellowship in Clinical Research, Medical Research Council."
canique des Fluides, 44&
"Clinical Research and Biochemistry&
Bureau de Recherches G&
pital St Eloi."
"Department of Psychiatry, North Carolina Memorial Hospital, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill."
"Secretary, British Mesozoic Committee, Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Present address: Laboratory of Biochemistry, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md. 20014."
Department of Microbiology and Immunology&
"Laboratoire de Biologie Mol&
"Istituto di Geologia dell'' Universit&agrave
"Isle of Muck, Inverness-shire.Department of Zoology, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Aug. 14."
1460,USA&
, Roma. June 8."
ologic, Mus&
"Lab Hormones-U 33 Inserm, 94270 Bic&
Cliniques Universitaires de Knishasa, Kinshasa, Zaire&
 libre de Bruxelles. July 6.&
Department of Physical Oceanography, Marine Sciences Laboratory, Menai Bridge, Anglesey.&
"Glasshouse Crops Research Institute, Worthing Road, Rustington, Littlehampton. Jan. 14."
o Paulo and Escola Polit&
"Department of Physiology, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina."
"Arthritis and Rheumatism Branch, National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases and Experimental Therapeutics Branch, National Heart Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md."
"Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Lillestr&
"Institute for Research in Canning, Meat Packing and Refrigeration, II, Herman O.-ut 15, Budapest."
"Postgraduate School of Physics, Institute of Physics, Florence."
Biology &
Present address: Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire.&
"Freshwater Fisheries Research Station, Madras 10, and Veterinary College, Madras 7. Sept. 2."
The Wellcome Trust, 52 Queen Anne Street, London W1"
"Agricultural Research Laboratories, University of Ceylon, Peradeniya."
"Hillside House, Kilmun, Argyll. Jan. 14."
rFestk&
"Institute of Pharmacology, Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin, Berlin-Buch."
"School of Pharmacy, Portsmouth College of Technology, Portsmouth, Hants."
r Mikrobiologie, Johann Wolfgang Goethe Universit&auml
Laboratoire d''Etho-ecologie des Communications Animales, Tour 66, Universit&
Present address: European Southern Observatory, Karl Schwarzschild Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Department of Pharmacology, Biozentrum der Universit&
"Nuclear Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire"
partement de Psychiatrie (Universit&
"44 Abbey Road, London, N.W.8. March 18."
"CSIRO Division of Animal Physiology, Prospect, NSW."
mica, C.E.E.N. Faculdade de Ci&
"Governmental Vitamin Laboratory, Norwegian Fisheries Research Institute, Bergen. June 15."
Department of Materials Science and Engineering&
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Ein Shams University, Abbassia, Cairo."
"Radio Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Slough. Oct. 9."
Laboratory of Tumor Cell Biology and &
r Tierphysiologie der Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Department of Immunology, Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research, Bugnon 21, Lausanne."
Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology and Neurosciences Program,&
Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College&
Also at the Departments of Chemistry and Earth and Space Sciences."
"Radiobiological Laboratory, Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Berkshire. May 19."
"Geological and Mineralogical Institute, Faculty of Science, Tokyo University of Education, Tokyo."
rale D, Laboratoire Associ&
Imperial Cancer Research Fund, London, W.C.2."
E. L. Hellaby Research Fellow."
"Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad. Feb. 19."
6356
"Natural History Department,Mathematics Department, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews. Jan. 8."
"Onderstepoort Laboratories, Pretoria. July 5."
 l''Energie Atomique, Saclay par Gif-sur-Yvette, Seine et Oise."
 de Recherches au Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique) Laboratoire de G&
 des Sciences de l''Universit&
Research Fellow, Greek Atomic Energy Commission."
 Medical Service. Newark City Hospital, Newark, New Jersey."
Present address: Department of Chemistry, University College, London."
"Cin&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abt. Membranbiophysik, D-3400 G&
Department of Neuropathology, Universit&
Chief Scientist of the Project, Laboratoire de G&
"Laboratoire de Physiologie et Centre des Hormones V&
Museo de Ciencias Naturales, Universidad Nacional del Comahue, 8300, Neuqu&
 Pathology,&
"1Centre Oc&
"Biological Institute, College of General Education, University of Tokyo."
 Libre, Campus Hospital Erasme, 808 route de Lennik, 1070Bruxelles, Belgique"
"Wye College, Ashford, Kent."
trole, l''Avenue de Bois-Pr&
"46 Robin Glen Road, Watchung-Plainfield, New Jersey."
S.G.C and M.J.S. contributed equally to this letter&
ejov Observatory, and Astronomical Institute, Brno University. June 9."
 Louis Pasteur, Laboratoire de Min&
Laboratoire de Magn&
t, Koellikerstrasse 6, 97070 W&
rich, H&
bec, Qu&
ttingen, FDR&
On leave from the Department of Agriculture, New South Wales."
 Departments of&
"Department of Experimental Pathology and Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Leeds. May 29."
"Central Research Establishment, National Coal Board, Cheltenham, Glos. Aug. 13."
"Max-Planck Institut f&
"National Museum of Wales, Cardiff"
"Paint Research Station. Waldegrave Road, Teddington, Middlesex."
Biology Department, The University, Stirling FK9 42A&
"Rutgers&
Institute of Geological Sciences, Ring Road, Halton, Leeds LS15 8TQ&
bingen University, 74 T&
"5 K&
"Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
a, Facultad de Ciencias Fisicas yMatematic&agrave
 Departments of Physics, and &
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. May 23."
t Bern. May 16."
King''s College Biophysics Department, 26&
 and Transplantation Serology&
"Radiation Chemistry Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
"Norsk Hydro''s Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo. Oct. 11."
x02298
partment de Physique, Universit&
x0229A
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
Research Career Development Awardee, AM-K3-16, 568, from the National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, U.S. Public Health Service.&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Postfach 968, Am Fassberg, 3400 G&
"Zoology Department, Bedford College, University of London. Aug. 24."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, Melbourne. June 3."
"Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, New South Wales. Dec. 7."
Present address: Jefferson Medical Coll. Hospital, Philadelphia, 7."
"Laboratory of Plant Physiology, Carnoy Institute, B3000 Leuven"
"Department of Pharmacology and Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Nov. 17."
ngn&auml
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, Gower St., London, W.C.1."
"Science Service Laboratory, Department of Agriculture, University Sub-Post Office, London, Ontario. Sept. 25."
Division of Applied Science &amp
"Institut pour la Recherche Scientifique en Afrique Centrale."
"CNEN&
 de Bruxelles. Sept. 1."
In receipt of a grant from the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft."
"Instituto de Medicina Tropical, Lisbon."
School of Biological Science and Quaternary Research Unit, and &
"Laboratorium voor Kristallografie, Geologisch Instituut, Rozier 6, Ghent. July 31."
"Hoyer Department of Comparative Anatomy, Jagellonian University, Krak&
MRC Experimental Radiopathology Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London W12."
"Istituto di Anatomia Patologica, Divisione di Cancerologia Sperimentale, Universit&agrave
 National Research Institute for Radiobiology and Radiohygiene, Budapest."
"Department of Chemistry, Queen''s College, Dundee."
"Department of Surgery, Queen''s College, Dundee."
"Istituto di Fisica del Politecnico, Milano. Jan. 27.&
"Research Laboratories, Laboratories Atral, Lisbon."
r Kristallographie der Freien Universist&auml
Department of Psychology, North Dakota State University, Fargo, North Dakota 58102.&
"Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1. March 23."
"Medical Research Council Mineral Metabolism Unit, The General Infirmary, Leeds."
"Department of Physics, Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London W8."
Present address: Guggenheim Laboratories, James Forrestal Campus, Princeton, New Jersey 08540."
"Research Laboratories, Pilkington Brothers, Ltd., Lathom, Ormskirk."
Departments of Biogeochemistry &amp
"Laboratory of Histology, Faculty of Medicine, University, Brussels. June 10.Institute of Anatomy, University, Ghent."
r Molekulare Biologie&
Laboratoire de Physique, Ecole Normale Sup&
Mj&
pital Brugmann, Place Van Gehuchten, 4, 1020 Brussels&
"Department of Organic Chemistry, Institute of Chemistry, Madrid."
 n&
r Radiumforschung und Kernphysik der &
"Bacteriology Department, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh."
"Notre Dame, Dowanhill, Glasgow."
Present address: Sterling&
Present address: Laboratoire de Biophysique, Institut de Biologie Mol&
"Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London, N.W.3. July 2."
r Veterin&auml
"Chemical Engineering and Process Technology Division, AERE, Harwell, Didcot, Berks.&
se v&
"Birkbeck College Computation Laboratory, London, W.C.1. Oct. 16."
Dipartimento di Chimica Fisica ed Elettrochimica, Universit&agrave
Estaci&
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, (University of London), Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Sept. 17."
"Department of Physics, University College, Nairobi."
"Senior Barnardo Research Fellow, Institute of Education"
Biochemistry, &
Physics and Engineering Laboratory, DSIR, Lower Hutt&
"CSIRO, Division of Entomology, Long Pocket Laboratories, Indooroopilly, Queensland."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. July 8."
"G. Vernoni Research Unit for the Study of Physiopathology, National Research Council
"The Research Station for Furbearing Animals, Norwegian Veterinary College, Oslo. Feb. 28."
Department of Oceanography, University College, Galway&
"Physics Department, Barnato Joel Laboratories, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. June 30."
"UKAEA, Blacknest, Brimpton, Berkshire."
"The Bowater Research and Development Co., Ltd., Research Division, Northfleet, Kent. March 9."
"Laboratoires de Biochimie et de&
Gregorio Mara&
"Mullard Space Science Laboratory, University College, London WC1E 6BT"
 Libre de Bruxelles, rue des Chevaux 67, 1640 Rhode-St-Gen&
 Geologisches Institut, Universit&auml
Diabetes Branch, National Institutes of Arthritis, Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, and &
On leave from the Istituto di Patologia Vegetale, University of Bari.&
Present address, Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, Philadelphia"
"Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair. Feb. 24."
"The Grammar School, Kettering."
"Agricultural Research Council, Unit of Plant Growth Substances and Systemic Fungicides, Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent."
Department of Health Science, Osaka Kyoiku University, Tennojiku, Osaka City&
"Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, British West Indies. April 11."
Laboratory for Molecular Genetics, Leiden State University, Leiden&
"Department of Physics, Brunel College, London, W.3.&
"Psychology Department, Adam Smith Building, University of Glasgow."
"Institute of Applied Geophysics, Podb&
"Worthing Hospital, Worthing, Sussex."
"Division of Building Research, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. July 14."
"Research Laboratories, Kodak Limited, Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Sept. 20."
"Biological Department, Medical School, University of Brno, Czechoslovakia. Jan. 17."
"Surgical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2."
ck-Centrum f&
Present address: The Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Woolwich Group of Hospitals. Sept. 22."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12. June 20."
"AT &amp
r Genetik, D-5 K&
"A&
"Analytical Department, Research Institute for Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Sept. 21."
"Veterinary Investigation Laboratory, Mill of Craibstone, Bucksburn, Aberdeen,"
Springer Research Scholar, University of Bombay."
ficas, Velazquez 138, Madrid, 6."
"Eastern Research Laboratory, The Dow Chemical Company, Framingham, Mass.Department of Chemistry, Clark University, Worcester, Mass. Jan. 21."
U.S. Public Health Service International Postdoctoral Research Fellow."
"UKAEA, Blacknest, Berkshire."
"State Institute for Control of Drugs, Bratislava, ul. &
"Department of Zoology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"Department of Zoology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
University of North Carolina Medical School, Chapel Hill, North Carolina."
"Department of Zoology, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Orman, Giza, Cairo. June 15."
ln, Weyertal 121, D 500 K&
"Gulf Research and Development Company, Harmarville, Pa. Jan. 23."
"Chemical Research Department, University of Li&
"Battersea Polytechnic, London, S.W.11. April 2."
"Department of Biology, The Woman''s College, University of North Carolina, Greensboro, North Carolina. Jan. 18."
"14 The Avenue, Barnet, Herts."
"Institute of Pathological Anatomy, University of Naples."
"Department of Radiological Health Institute of Public Health, Tokyo."
"Ministry of Aviation, Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcestershire."
E.R. 98 Laboratoire de Chimie Physique de la Facult&
"Department of Organic Chemistry, Imperial College, London SW7 2AY"
Brabois, Laboratoire de Cytog&
"Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London."
"Institute of Physical Chemistry, University, Ankara. Sept. 13, 1950."
Physiologie V&
"Department of Steroid Biochemistry, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London.Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Middlesex Hospital, London."
Department of Geodesy &amp
Departamento de Geolog&
National Aeronautics and Space Administration Predoctoral Trainee."
"West Ham College of Technology, London, E.15. April 7."
"MRC Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Sept. 16."
"Centre de Recherches Allergiques et Immunologiques de l''Association Claude Bernard et de l''I.N.H., H&
"Pal&
"Post Office Engineering Department, Research Station, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2. Dec. 5."
"Research Association of British Flour-Millers, Cereals Research Station, Old London Road, St. Albans, Herts. April 9."
"Agricultural Research Council, Ditton Laboratory, Larkfleld, Maidstone, Kent.&
"Research Laboratory of Viticulture, State Farm, Balatonbogl&
lectronique, Strasbourg. Nov. 15."
"Department of Internal Medicine, Unified Hospital, Turda, Roumania.Cancer Institute, Cluj.Transfusion Centre, Cluj.Laboratory of Unified Hospital, Turda, Roumania."
"Istituto Internazionale di Vulcanologia, Oss&
r Tropischen und Subtropischen Pflanzenbau, der Georg-August-Universit&auml
Junior Research Unit and &
Scripps Institution of Oceanography and &
Present address: Instituto &
Present address: International Biological Programme, 7, Marylebone Road, London N.W.1."
 Natural Resource Ecology Laboratory and &
"Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Klinische Forschungsgruppe f&
"Botany Department, King''s College, University of London, 68 Half Moon Lane, S.E.24. March 21."
partement de Biochimie, Facult&
To whom reprint orders should be addressed."
"Northern Regional Research Laboratory&
"Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire"
a, Experimental del Institute Nacional de Salud Mental, Hospital Nacional de Neuropsiquiatr&
"Pest Infestation Laboratory (Agricultural Research Council), London Road, Slough, Bucks."
"Botany Department, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
"Service de Chimie Organique, Facult&
r Biowissenschaften, Universit&auml
"Department of Agricultural Bacteriology, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo.Soil Microbiology Section, Ministry of Agriculture."
r Biophysikalische Chemie, D-3400 G&
ChemicalScience &amp
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Dec. 21."
Chinoin&
Laboratoire de Glaciologie, Domaine Universitaire, 38402 St Martin d''H&
 European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2, W-8046 Garching bei M&
"Material Research Laboratory, Philips Electrical, Ltd., New Road, Mitcham Junction, Surrey. July 19."
"Department of Pathology, The Institute of Laryngology and Otology, 330&
Department of Microbiology and Immunology, and  &
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks. March 28."
Istituto di Chimica Biologica deH''Universit&agrave
"Medical Professorial Unit and Department of Pharmacology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1.Department of Statistics, Research and Development, Smith, Kline and French Laboratories, Ltd., Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
"Istituto di Anatomia Comparata, Universit&agrave
"Microbiological Unit, Canine Research Station of the Animal Health Trust, Kennett, Nr. Newmarket. June 2."
"Endocrinological Institute, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. Oct. 2."
"INRS-Eau, Universit&
"Department of Textile Industries, Institute of Technology, Bradford."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh."
, S-901 87 Ume&
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh.&
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, University of Tokyo. June 27."
"Laboratory of Pathology and Histochemistry, National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md.&
Laboratory of Biochemistry, National Cancer Institute, and &
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. April 29."
 Atmospheric Chemistry, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Textile Industries, Institute of Technology, Bradford.&
"Nuclear Research Institute, Na Truhl&
"R.A.F. Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hants. Jan. 19."
"National Standards Laboratory, University Grounds, Sydney. Oct. 19."
3792
2155
r Physik, F&
r Humangenetik,  Universit&auml
To whom correspondence should be adressed"
"Istitutodi Patologia Generate, and &
"Zoology Department, Bedford College, University of London. June 1."
"Department of Medical Chemistry, Ume&
"University of the West Indies, Seismic Research Unit, Trinidad"
Present address: Department of Physiological Hygiene, Institute of Public Health, Shiba Sirogane Daimachi, Minato-ku, Tokyo."
 Present address: Glanzstoff AG, 56 Wuppertal-Elberfeld."
 Unit for Applied Cell &amp
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College, London SW7"
Department of Biophysics, Faculty of Science, University of Kyoto, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606&
"Laboratory of Experimental Oncology, Medical Faculty, Belgrade, Pasterova 14."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Victoria."
"Radiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Meteorology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Aug. 1."
Developmental Neurobiology Laboratory and the &
"Pest Control, Ltd., Tafo, Gold Coast.West African Cacao Research Institute, Tafo, Gold Coast. Jan. 18."
"Department of Medical Mycology, Institute of Dermatology, London."
"Division of Quantum Metrology, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex"
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Heavy Organic Chemicals Division, Research Department, Billingham."
Aided by a grant from the Centre National Belge d''Etude des Mutations."
r Fertigungstechnologie f&
"The Gas Council, London Research Station, Michael Road, London, SW6."
School of Physics and Astronomy, Raymond &amp
"Physical Institute, Hungarian University for Technical Sciences, Budapest. Sept. 28."
"Department of Textile Industries, The University, Leeds, 2. Aug. 10."
r Astrophysik, 8 M&
Geophysical Department, E&
"Departments of Radiology and Experimental Biochemistry, Albert Einstein Medical Center, Philadelphia, Pa. Sept. 30."
"Department of Bacteriology, Institute of Immunology and Experimental Therapy, Polish Academy of Sciences, Wroclaw, and Department of Microbiology, School of Medicine, Wroclaw."
Arbeitsgruppe Theoretische &
Climate Dynamics Center, Department of Atmospheric Sciences and Institute of Geophysics &amp
Fellow of Pediatric Research HTS 5462.&
"Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Berkshire."
"Polymer Research Laboratories, Department of Chemical Technology, Bradford Institute of Technology."
z., blok A II, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
Navy Hospital in Puerto Williams, Navarino Island.&
"British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, Tewin Road, Welwyn Garden City, Herts. June 25."
"Virus Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey.&
"Virus Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey."
ologic et G&
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.&
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
 P. M. Curie, Biog&
"Research Laboratory, The British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. Aug. 13."
"Department of P&
Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, &
Universit&agrave
r Biochemie, Am Klopferspitz 18a, D-8033 Martinsried,FRG&
"Dominion Observatory, Ottawa, Ont. March 4."
"The Chemical Society, Burlington House, W.1."
"Emission Spectroscopy Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Aug. 8."
Laboratoire de Chimie th&
"Department of Geology, University of Rhodesia, Salisbury"
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Oct. 3."
pital Notre-Dame et Universit&
"Electrical Measurements and High-Voltage Laboratory, National Technical University, Athens."
"Sub-department of Microbiology, University of Natal, Durban."
"Rutherford Laboratory, Chilton, Berkshire."
"Chemistry Department, United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard, University of St. Andrews. Jan. 8."
"University Department of Medicine, Gardiner Institute of Medicine, Western Infirmary, Glasgow."
"Biochemie und Biophysik, Zentralinstitut 5, Universit&auml
"Biochemical Research Department, Therapeutic Research Division, Pfizer Ltd., Sandwich, Kent."
Died Oct. 9, 1956."
partement de Phytologie, Universit&
"Department of Spectroscopy, Banaras Hindu University, Banaras 5. Aug. 2"
r Biologie, Abt. Melchers, T&
tat, Gembloux. Dec. 5."
Now at the Institute for Cancer Research, Fox Chase, Philadelphia."
Nuclear Physics Division, AERE, Harwell, Oxon, OX11 0RA&
Department of Neuroscience and &
"Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Box 4331 G.P.O., Melbourne. Nov. 21."
r Mineralogie undLagerst&auml
On leave from: Strahlenzentrum der Justus-Liebig Universit&auml
 Department of Anatomy and Developmental Biology, University College &amp
"Physics Department, University of Lund. June 15."
 Research Ltd., Thornton Research Centre, P.O. Box 1, Chester. May 22."
ejov.Palack&
"Institute of Radiation Physics, Helsinki."
"Department of Medical Physics, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London WC1"
"Department of Pharmacology, London Hospital Medical College, University of London, Turner Street, London, E.1."
"Jos&
"St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
"44 Soberton Avenue, Heath, Cardiff."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1.Department of Medicine, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. Nov. 10.&
"Microbiological Research Laboratory, Alembic Chemical Works Co., Baroda. Jan. 12."
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiological Research Unit.Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
cole Polytechnique, CP 6079, succ. Centre-ville,Montr&
r theoretische Physik der Universit&auml
t fur Extraterrestrische Physik,D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Institute of Public Health, Tokyo"
"West African Fisheries Research Institute, Freetown. Jan. 17."
"Faculty of Agriculture, Kagoshima University.Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo."
"Imperial College, London."
Strasbourg.&
r Virologie, Philips-Universit&auml
"Department of Botany and Zoology, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3. March 4."
a, FFYB-UBA, Jun&
"Rubber Research Institute of Ceylon, Dartonfield, Agalawatta, Ceylon. Jan. 16."
Departments of Nuclear Medicine and Pathology, Catholic University, Santiago.&
"Fermentation Research Department, Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Rahway, New Jersey."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London, W.C.1.&
ln, 5000 K&
"Endocrinological Institute, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava."
"Blood Transfusion Department, Armed Forces Medical College, Poona. June 24."
Fort Hoofddijk&
Present address: Biochemisch Laboratorium&
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex.Department of Botany, University College, London."
"Department of Medicine, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm."
"Pharmaceutical Department, CIBA Ltd., Basle."
"Natural History Department, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee. June 12."
Present address: School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, University of London.&
Institute for Molecular Genetics, and &
Institut National de la Sant&
"International Rice Research Institute, Los Ba&
decine, H&
ger-Bordet, 1000&
Molecular Genetics and Cell Biology,&
Museum of Paleontology and &
Fakultat f&
"Mullard Radio Valve Co., Ltd., Material Research Laboratory, New Road, Mitcham Junction, Surrey."
"Medical Research Council Unit for Research in Cell Metabolism, Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield. Nov. 30.&
To whom correspondence is to beaddressed."
pital des Enfants-Malades, 149 Rue de S&
"Enzymology Department, Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen."
Laboratory of Immunology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and &
r Biochemie, Universit&auml
"Department of Earth Sciences, Faculty of Science and &
Present address : Pharmacological Laboratory, University of Edinburgh."
Associ&
"Geophysical Institute, Tokyo University, Tokyo. Sept. 4."
gskola. Jan. 9."
Viral Carcinogenesis Branch and &
Department of Immunology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London"
"Department of Geodesy &amp
"Physical Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts
Director, Biomathematical Laboratory."
Fellow of the University of Buenos Aires."
 Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics, &
Present address: Instituto di Anatomia e Istologia Pathologica, Universit&agrave
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
ndor u.2/A. Budapest, VIII.Experimental Medical Research Institute of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry. Jan. 27."
r Biochemie und Molekulare Biologie, Freie Universit&auml
partement de Biologie, Commissariat a l''&
Address for reprint requests."
Address for reprint requests.&
"Jodrell Bank, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
"Department of Physics, University College, London."
"Genetics Laboratory, Animal Breeding and Genetics Research Organization, Edinburgh. Oct. 6."
r physikalische Chemie, Technische Universit&auml
tre, 94270 Kremlin Bic&
Department of Clinical Chemistry, Max-Planck-Institut f&
To whom corrrespondence should be addressed"
"Central Laboratory, Milton Road, Portsmouth, Hampshire. April 22."
"Institute of Biochemistry, Medical University, Budapest.Research Institute of Oncopathology, Budapest."
, Gren&
"Department of Physics, University, Leeds 2. Nov. 10."
ographie and Centre d''&
"Physiology Department, Abbassia Medical Faculty, Ibrahim University, Cairo. June 9."
Present address: Special Treatment Unit and Assistant Attending &
"Department of Applied Mathmatics, University, Sheffield 10."
"Department of Anatomy, University of Glasgow. June 20."
"Northfields Laboratories, Morganite Research and Development, Ltd., Wandsworth, London, S.W.18."
"Department of Clinical Pathology, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5.Department of Biochemistry, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
bingen.Ernst-Mach-Institut, Aussenstelle, Weil am Rhein."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2.Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 25."
"Akers Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts."
"Division of Biology and Experimental Medicine, Institutum Divi Thom&
"Department of Physics, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario."
 Institut de G&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. July 13."
t, Frankfurt am Main. Nov. 23."
"Department of Histology, Faculty of Medicine, G&
Department of Environmental Health, University of Ume&
"Abingerwood, Ewhurst, Cranleigh, Surrey."
 di Bologna."
"Zoologisch-vergleichend anatomisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Nerve-Muscle Progrom, Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, Mass.&
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Nr. Maidenhead, Berks.Isotope Division, Wantage Radiation Laboratory, Grove, Wantage, Berks. July 12."
"British Petroleum Company, Ltd., B.P. Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
Spo&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Geologisch- Palaontologisches Institut"
tallurgiques, Val-Benoit). June 21."
Gesellschaft f&
 Catedra deGen&
Present address: Medical Research Council Air Pollution Research Unit, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1."
"Zoology Department,Physiology Department, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. March 4."
"National Chemical Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Teddington, Middlesex."
r Biophysik, Forsthausstr. 70, Frankfurt a. M."
"Department of Anatomy, University of Sheffield. May 16."
 and Biophysics&
"Metrology Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, May 19."
dtehygiene, Hygienisches Institut, Hansestadt Hamburg."
 Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Ecole Nationale Sup&
Molecular Genetics and &
 Molecular Oncology and &
"School of Biological Sciences, Bath University of Technology."
"Department of Microchemistry, University, Brussels."
Program Resources, National Cancer Institute&
"Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Station Street, Nottingham.Chemical Engineering Department, Loughborough College, Loughborough, Leicestershire."
al, CP 6128, Montr&
"Department of Cytology, Institute of Radiopathology, Stockholm.&
01A1.&
rin, BP 245, 59019 Lille C&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Fisheries Experiment Station, Conway. March 2."
"134 Bispham Road, Bispham, Lancs. May 5."
"Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, 132&
"Department of Pharmacology, Nippon Medical School, 59 Sendagicho, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. March 3."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Delhi. Delhi. Jan. 21."
 To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Pathology."
"Central Research Laboratories, N.V. Philips Roxane Pharm. Chem. Industrie, &
 de Biologie Moleculaire du G&
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 26."
"Leningrad State University. March 4."
r Humangenetik, Biozentrum der Universit&auml
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent. Aug. 30."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berkshire. June 19."
xico 14, DF, M&
 Genetics, Harvard Medical School, and&
"Department of Pathology, Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Rama VI Road, Bangkok 4"
"Blood Grouping Department, State Serum Institute, Copenhagen. Jan. 23."
"Department of Histology, University of Uppsala. April 10."
r experimentelle Medizin, D-3400 G&
Genetics and &
"Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research, Inc., Yonkers 3, N.Y. Dec. 24."
"Division of Biology 216-76 and &
chsisches Landesamt f&
r Viruskrankheiten der Tiere, T&
o Paulo, Piracicaba, S&
"Departments of Anatomy and Biochemistry, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.l. Dec. 23."
 Permanent   address:    Paul    Flechsig    Institute   for   Brain    Research,    Department   of Ncurochemistry, Karl Marx University, Karl Marx Stadter Str. 50, 7039 Leipzig, GDR.&
lectrophysiologie et de Pharmacologie Cellulaires, Universit&
"Medical School, University of Witwatersrand."
"Julius Bernstein Institute of Physiology, Martin Luther Universit&auml
EMEP Chemical Coordinating Centre, Norwegian Institute for Air Research, Lillestr&
Vacation student."
"Twyford Laboratories, Twyford Abbey Road, London, N.W.10.&
"Tobacco Research Council Laboratories, Otley Road, Harlow Hill, Harrogate."
"National Agricultural Advisory Service, Ministry of Agriculture, London. Feb. 6."
 de Biochimie Cellulaire, D&
Now at the Physiology Department, University of St. Andrews."
"Zakad Chemii Fizjologicznej, Akademia Medyczna, Lublin. April 15."
r Radioastronomie, Aug dem H&
noma de M&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. April 19."
Sprenger Institute for Research on Storage and Processing of Horticultural Produce&
 Vollum Institute and &
 de Geneve, 13 rue des Mara&
"Fachbereich Biologie der Universit&auml
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory and Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, University of London King''s College, Strand, W.C.2. Aug. 12."
"Department of Neurology, Veterans Administration Hospital, East Orange, New Jersey 07019 and Department of Neurosciences, College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, New Jersey Medical School, Newark, New Jersey 07103"
Post-sophomore Research Fellow of the National Institutes of Health."
"Max Delbr&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds. June 4."
"Centro di Strutturistica Chimica del C.N.R., Sezione di Padova/Istituto di Chimica Fisica, Universit&agrave
partement d''Anatomie Pathologique, Universit&
"Department of Anatomy, University of Sheffield. June 6."
"Abteilung Molekulare Biologie, Max-Planck Imtitut f&
"Sugar Industry Research Institute, R&
"The Electrical Research Association Laboratory, Cleeve Road, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Royal Hospital, Sheffield"
 Dipartimento di Biologia Animale e Genetica, Universit&agrave
"Department of Biology, Medical Faculty Palack&
Present address: CSIRO Division of Animal Physiology Box 144, Parramatta, N.S.W."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Nov. 27.&
"Department of Radiology, Prince of Wales''s General Hospital, London, N.15."
"Departamento de Patolog&
IBM Zurich Research Laboratory, 8803-R&
 Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Admiralty Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Dec. 11."
aires, Service de G&
"Department of Pathophysiology, Medical School, Pozna&
Predoctoral Fellow, National Science Foundation."
"Departments of Psychology and Pharmacology, University College, London."
"Office of Scientific Research and Development, Naval Headquarters, New Delhi."
a, Av. Cuauht&
"Laboratorio di Biochimica, Istituto Nazionale Nutrizione, Roma."
t, Hamburg 20. Nov. 16."
partement de Pharmacologie, Ecole de M&
 Laboratoire d''Anthropologie, Mus&
res le Buisson"
"Research Department, Co-operative Condensfabriek &
r Molekularbiologie und Biophysik, ETH-H&
"Associated Portland Cement Manufacturers Ltd, Research Laboratories, Greenhithe, Kent."
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow. March 18."
Hematology-Oncology Division, Brigham and Women''s Hospital, and the Departments of &
"Infestation Control Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Tolworth, Surrey."
S.A. Council for Scientific and Industrial Research Fellow in Ichthyology."
27309
"Bio-Science Laboratories, 12330 Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles 25."
 de Liege, Avenue de Cointe 5, B-4200 Cointe-Ougr&
"Beecham Research Laboratories Chemotherapeutic Research Centre, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey"
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London WC1.&
r Biochemie, Goethestr. 31, Munich."
"Skin Clinic of the Johannes Gutenberg University, Mainz."
"Physiology Department, Medical School, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1."
Present address: Nobel Institute for Neurophysiology, Stockholm."
On leave of absence from the Department of Neurology, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Berkshire. Aug. 18."
 Department of Biophysics and Biophysical Chemistry, and&
nchen 23."
"Dove Marine Laboratory, Cullercoats. Oct. 13."
"Microbiological Research Department, Experimental Station, Porton. May 30."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London NW1.&
"ARC Animal Breeding Research Organization, Edinburgh EH9 3JQ, and Moredun Research Institute, Edinburgh EH17 7JH"
"Department of Pathophysiology, State Institute of Hygiene.Department of Anatomy, Medical University, Budapest."
Present addresses: Department of Zoology, University of Lund, Helgonav&auml
"Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College, London, W.8."
"The Nature Conservancy, Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdon."
S&
Present address: Medical Research Council, Institute of Virology, Church Street, Glasgow, W.1."
r vegetative Physiologie der Universit&auml
From the U.S. Army Medical Research Unit."
"Kernforschungszentrum Karlsruhe, Institut f&
Department of Medicine, Divisions of Respiratory and Cardiovascular Medicine and &
"Department of Chemical Pathology, United Liverpool Hospitals, Ashton Street, Liverpool L3 5RT."
"Lubrication Laboratory, Imperial College, London, SW7"
"School of Pharmacy, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3."
"Radiotherapy Research Unit, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Royal Marsden Hospital, Surrey Branch, Sutton, Surrey."
 Institute de Astrof&
aires de Saclay, et Centre des Faibles Radioactivit&
Present address: Jonar Daniel Meijerplein, 3, Amsterdam-C."
"National Engineering Laboratory, Glasgow."
Central Research Units, F. Hoffmann&
a, Facultad de Odontolog&
Microbiology and the &amp
Bomem Inc., 910 Place Dufour, Vanier, Qu&
"Institute for Nuclear Study, University of Tokyo, Tanashi, Tokyo."
mica &
n Biol&
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London. Sept. 9."
"Chemical Laboratories, University of Allahabad.&
"Medical Clinic, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Z&
"National Heart Hospital, Westmoreland Street, London W1M 8BA"
"Nussdorferstrasse 70, Vienna 9. March 8."
nchen, Ziemssenstrae 1, 8000 M&
"CSIRO Division of Entomology, Canberra."
"Department of Geology, University College, London."
culaire et la Physio-Pathologie des St&
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Institute of Rural Science, Penglais, Aberystwyth.&
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Institute of Rural Science, Penglais, Aberystwyth."
"Laboratory of Pharmacology, University of Louvain. Nov. 20."
Established Investigator, Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cient&
"Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3.Pharmacological Laboratories, Bradford Technical College, Bradford."
Bates Research Fellow, Mental Health Research Fund."
"Chemical Group, Max Planck Institut f&
"Michrome Laboratories, East Sheen, London, S.W.14, and Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork."
OTOP, Universit&
Medical and &
"CSIRO Division of Entomology, PO Box 1700, Canberra City, ACT 2601"
"Northern Regional Research Laboratory, &
"Curso de Psic&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. May 9."
National Institute for Medical Research, (Hampstead Laboratories), London NW3&
dics, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex. April 2."
"Institute of Inorganic Technology, Faculty of Technology, Belgrade."
"Departmentof Microbiology, University of Ume&
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Biology as Applied to Medicine, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
"Central Chemical Research Institute, Hungarian Academy of Science, Budapest."
"Houghton Poultry Research Station, Houghton. Huntingdon."
"Rutgers University, Institute of Animal Behavior, 101 Warren Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102"
Eli Lilly Research Fellow."
"Departments of Clinical Immunology and Biological Therapy&
"Electrical Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey."
motypologie du Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, H&
"Department of Pathology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London.Institute of Dermatology, St John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, London."
"Research Division, Marconi''s Wireless Telegraph Co., Ltd. Jan. 21."
"Toxicology Research Unit, M.R.C. Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. April 7."
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin, Isle of Man. April 8."
r Experimented Immunologie, Philipps-Universit&auml
s Lorand University, Budapest."
ckle, Spemannstrasse 35/II, 7400 T&
 II Physiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"National Institute for Medical Research, Division of Human Physiology, c/o Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, London, N.W.3."
"Institute of Chemistry, University of Uppsala. Dec. 15."
La Roche and Co., Ltd., Basle."
n. e Letras, Universidade de S&
St. Willibrordus Stichting&
lectronique, 9 Avenue des Narcisses, Bruxelles-Uccle."
, Departamento Endocrinologia, Velazquez, 138, Madrid, 6."
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. July 1."
"Medical Research Council Metabolic Reactions Research Unit, Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Research Association of British Flour Millers, Cereals Research Station, Old London Road, St. Albans, Herts."
"Department of Bacteriology, University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow. April 19."
"MRC Demyelinating Diseases Unit, 13 Framlington Place, Newcastle upon Tyne 2."
"Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Feb. 17."
1879
 Cell Biology, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cientif&iacute
"Distillers Company (Biochemicals), Ltd., Speke.St. Helens Hospital, St. Helens, Lancashire.&
"Lyons Laboratories, 149 Hammersmith Road, London, W.14."
"I. Institut f&
"Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories, and Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London W6."
"Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford.Physics Department, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Oct. 28."
"Mineralogical Institute, Science Department, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo."
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Veterinary Parasitology Laboratory, Yeerongpilly, Queensland. May 24."
rRadiochemie, Universit&auml
"Division of Building Research, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Graham Road, Highett, S.21, Victoria. March 4."
INSERM U100, H&
tf&
Predoctoral Fellow of the National Science Foundation.&
 di Bologna, Via San Giacomo 12 and 14, 40126&
"Riseholme, 6 Warren Road, Purley, Surrey."
Department of Biology."
e et Structurale (LA 235), Ecole Nationale Sup&
teborg. July 10"
 J. Chelly, G. Hamard, M. Jeanpierre, M. Lambert &amp
Pathology, Haartmanink. 3, 00290 Helsinki 29, and &
"Peptide Biology Laboratory and &
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Murray Hill, New Jersey. Nov. 21."
Now at the University of North Carolina.&
0452,USA&
"Department of Pathology and Bacteriology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff.&
partement de Psychologie et Centre de Recherche en Sciences Neurologiques Universit&
 Process Sciences, and &
Sutton Institute of Pathology, The Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. Feb. 1."
"Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology,&
"Observatoire de Neuch&
mies et les Maladies du Sang, H&
"Laboratory of Radiochemistry, Institute of Atomic Physics, Bucharest, Roumania."
"The Fullers'' Earth Union, Ltd., Patteson Court, Nutfield Road, Redhill, Surrey."
"Department of Microbiology, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
"Institute of Chemistry, Academy of Rumanian People''s Republic, Cluj, Rumania."
"Royal Naval Scientific Service. April 14."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 29/39 Brunswick Square, London WC1N 1AX"
"Department of Anthropology, University College, London."
"First Department of Pathological Anatomy and Experimental Cancer Research, University of Budapest."
"CNR International Laboratory of Genetics and Biophysics, Naples.&
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow. Nov. 10."
"Department of Biology as Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
teborg. Oct. 10."
2209, D&
"Defence Science Laboratory, Metcalfe House, Delhi, 6."
John and Mary Markle Foundation Scholar in Academic Medicine."
"Defence Science Organization, New Delhi."
On leave from the Max Planck Society, G&
, White Knowle Road, Buxton, Derbyshire."
Anatomisches Institut der Universit&auml
r Physiologische Chemie der Medizinischen Akademie, D&
"Institute of Zoophysiology, University of Uppsala. Sept. 14."
Geophysics Division, D.S.I.R., Wellington&
Department of Neurology and The Brain Research and &
Biostatistics and Data Management Section, Clinical Oncology Program, Division of Cancer Treatment&
"Department of Agriculture, Pretoria. Aug. 6."
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. Jan. 21."
Present address: Medway College of Technology, Chatham, Kent."
Department of Ancient History, University of Sheffield, Sheffield S10 2TN&
CEREGE, Universit&
"Department of Chemistry, Macdonald College, Province of Quebec. Feb. 18."
 and Research Department, Royal Eastern Counties Institution, Colchester. Sept. 16."
"Laboratory for Technical Botany, Technical University, Delft. July 5."
"Central Laboratory, St. Erik''s Hospital,Children''s Hospital Samariten, Stockholm."
"Cytogenetic Laboratory, Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology A&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9."
"Institute of Medicine, Laboratory of Radioimmunoassay, University of Li&
Department of Microbology and Molecular Genetics, Harvard Medical School, and &
kovi Institute, Bijeni&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Jan. 10."
"Chester Beatty Besearch Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Boyal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Feb. 18."
"Tropical Pesticides Research Headquarters and Information Unit, Ministry of Overseas Development, 56&
mica da Universidade do Paran&
"Children''s Cancer Research Foundation, Children''s Hospital Medical Center
 Medicine and &
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. April 7."
1180 Vienna&
Department of Ecology &amp
"Agricultural Research Council, Unit of Animal Genetics, Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh."
"Paint Research Station, Waldegrave Road, Teddington, Middlesex. Jan. 9."
r Biophysik, Frankfurt a.M."
"Electrical Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Middlesex. Aug. 5."
Eleanor Roosevelt International Fellow of the International Union Against Cancer."
"Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario"
"Department of Chemical Pathology, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5. April 8."
Nautical Almanac Office, Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex&
Present address: Animal Research Institute, Yeerongpilly, Queensland"
 Dokuz Eyl&
r Organische Chemie, Biochemie und Isotopenforschung der Universit&auml
"Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, L. E&
"Instituto de Quimica Org&
Cancer Biology Laboratories, Department of Pathology, College of Veterinary Medicine, and &
Present address: Department of Bacteriology &amp
"AB Atomenergi, Department of Physics, Stockholm.Research Laboratory, AB Kabi, Stockholm."
"Marine Biology Station, Menai Bridge, Anglesey. Sept. 23."
decine, 11 rue Humann, 67085 Strasbourg-C&
"Physique des Solides, Facult&
"Lincluden, Preston Park, North Shields, Northumberland."
tsstrasse 1, D-4000 D&
Present address: Department of Therapeutics, Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh, 3."
"Laboratori Ricerche Farmitalia, Milano, Italia."
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, Ministry of Supply, London. April 27."
nchen, Maria Ward Strasse la, D-8000 M&
Biochemistry, &amp
"MRC Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London."
"Laboratoire Pasteur, 26 Rue d''Ulm, 75 &
"Division of Virology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7"
"Civil Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, SW7."
"Departments of Microbiology and Parasitology, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
 Fels Institute for Cancer Research and Molecular Biology, Departments of &
"Department of Geology, Ravenshaw College, Utkal University, Cuttack. Jan. 15."
Dazian Foundation Research Fellow, 1958&
"Governmental Vitamin Laboratory, Norwegian Fisheries Research Institute, Bergen. Aug. 25."
"Centro di Strutturistica Chimica del C.N.R., Sezione di Padova. May 26."
"Geologisch&
Centre de Recherche sur les M&
Tregiffian&
t Bern und Zentrallaboratorium des Kantonsspitals, Aarau.Chemisches Zentrallabor, Inselspital Bern.Universit&auml
"Department of Biochemistry, Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre, Karachi."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jeacott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks. April 28."
"Guinness&
Reprint requests to D. T. G.&
Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Cient&
r Biophysik, Frankfurt/Main."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk"
Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey"
Post-doctoral Fellow of the National Institutes of Health."
Division of Inorganic and Metallic Structure, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex TW11 0LW&
"Silicosis Research Group, Max-Planck-Society, G&
"Department of Civil Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.British Hydromechanics Research Association, Cranfield, Bedfordshire."
"Research Laboratories, Farmitalia S.p.A., Milan."
Biochemistry and &
"Jute Agricultural Research Institute, Barrackpore, W. Bengal. Feb. 21."
"Department of Immunology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London."
matology, Hospital de Enfermedades de la Nutrici&
rimentale et de G&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. Dec. 27."
Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Institut de Biologie Moleculaire, Universit&
 de Rennes, Campus de Beaulieu, Avenue du G&
"Department of Entomology, 237 R&
"Department of Investigation, Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social, Apartado Postal 73/032, M&
D. Drukker &amp
"Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Berkshire."
 Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey 07065"
"Hydrographic Department, Admiralty. March 30."
"Stazione Zoologica di Napoli.&
Department of Chemistry, B-017, and &
 Libre de Bruxelles. Nov. 2."
ologie R&
Royal Children''s Hospital Research Foundation, Parkville, Victoria 3052&
Transplantation Biology Section, Immunology Branch, National Cancer Institute, &
"HLRZ, KFA J&
 de Chimie Inorganique et Nucl&
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku."
"Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Ditton Laboratory, Maidstone. July 27."
rzburg. Aug. 2."
"Physiology Institute, Newport Road, Cardiff. June 16.&
mica, Instituto Nacional de Nutrici&
"Botanical Institute and Shimoda Marine Biological Station, Tokyo Kyoiku University, Otsuka, Tokyo."
"Institute du Radium, de l''Universit&
trologie, Universit&
Paediatric Research Unit and &
Medical Services Division, Department of Employment"
Laboratoire des Hauts Polym&
"Brewing Industry Research Foundation, Nutfield, Surrey."
"National Chemical Laboratory, Teddington."
 di Roma. June 30."
"Solar Physics Observatory, Kodaikanal. Dec. 31."
"Department of Dermatology, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.l."
"Sections of Endocrinology&
Permanent address: Institute of Aviation Instrument Manufacture, Leningrad, U.S.S.R."
"Instituto de Investigaciones Farmacologicas, Conicet, Junin 956, 5&
"Bernhard Baron Institute of Pathology, London Hospital.Maida Vale Hospital for Nervous Diseases, London.&
"Biochemisch Laboratorium, Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam."
xico 14, DF M&
"Cancer Research Unit, Department of Clinical Biochemistry, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle-upon-Tyne"
AM&
"Research Laboratory, Kodak, Ltd., Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex."
"Department of Chemistry, Birkbeck College, London, E.C.4. Oct. 28."
Herzforschungsinstitut der Max Planck&
 Paleoantropoloji, Ankara &
Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3.&
"Department of Chemistry, The City University, London EC1."
tale et Laboratoire de Recherches pour la Protection des Populations Civiles, Universit&
"Seismologisches Zentralobservatorium, Krankenhausstr. 1&
University Space Research Association, &
Biologia G&
On Nuffield Foundation Travelling Fellowship."
Bacteriology and Immunology, and the &
teborg. Jan. 14."
r marine Geowissenschaften, Universit&auml
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Infestation Control Laboratory, Tangley Place, Worplesdon, Near Guildford, Surrey."
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. May 19.&
Department of Surgery, The Children''s Hospital, and &
"Medical Laboratory of Ruanda-Urundi, Astrida. Oct. 29."
"Centre de Recherche en Biologie Foresti&
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, Ministry of Aviation, Somerford, Christchurch, Hants."
Institut des Sciences Nucl&
ssle Research Laboratories, S-431 83 M&
"Research Centre, Italfarmaco S.p.A., Piazza Coriolano 5, Milan. May 18."
"Department of Botany, University, Nottingham. April 27."
rich switzerland"
s University, Budapest. Oct. 10."
 di Roma. Centro di Strutturistica Chimica del Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Roma. April 11."
TBell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974,USA&
mies, H&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Dec. 6."
o Paulo. Sept. 27.&
Present address: Forschungsabteilung f&
Division of Sea Fisheries, Sea Point, Cape Province."
"Physics Branch, Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham, Swindon."
r Theoretische Physik, Universit&auml
Istituto di Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Pharmacological Department&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department and School of Medicine, &
"Department of Psychology, University of Strathclyde."
"Department of Experimental Therapeutics, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
In receipt of a full-time grant from the Asthma Research Council."
"Division of Meteorological Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. May 9."
"Biophysics Department, University of Western Ontario, Ontario"
"Biochemical Laboratory, Instituto Pinheiros, S&
 Centre de Recherche en Sciences Neurologiques and D&
"National Chemical Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Teddington, Middx."
"Department of Bacteriology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London Bridge, S.E.1."
Present address. Centre Immunopathologie, B&
 Centre M&
 Environment &amp
"Polish Academy of Sciences, Centre of Molecular and Macromolecular Studies, 90-362 &
"Sheep Biology Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Prospect, New South Wales."
"Services de Biochimie Cellulaire et de la Fi&
Virus and Cell Biology Research and &
Nuffield Research Fellow."
 Molecular Biology Institute, &
"Department of Anatomy, University of Sheffield, Sheffield 10. Aug. 6."
Department of Genetics and Development and &
partment de Physique des Mat&
r biophysikalische Chemie, am Fassberg, D-3400, G&
"Department of Physics, University of East Africa, Nairobi."
nster, Vesaliusweg 12-14, 4400 M&
"Inland Waters Branch, Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, Carling Avenue, Ottawa, Ontario"
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Berks."
"Department of Physiology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 5."
Laboratory of Tumor Virus Biology, &
Division of Hematology&
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Animal Health Research Laboratory, Parkville, Victoria."
"Kodak Research Laboratories, Kodak Ltd, Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex."
o Paulo. June 4."
Mr Wood''s Fossils&
"Institute of Geological Sciences, Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex.&
miologie G&
"1Geologisches Institut, 74 T&
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. June 14."
Department of Geology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514&
sthetics, Postgraduate Medical School and Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Department of Enteroviruses and&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Feb. 9."
Laboratoire de Zoologie-Vers, Associ&
"Departments of Diagnostic Radiology &amp
To whom correspondence should addressed."
"Istituto di Chimica Industriale del Politecnico, Milano.Istituto di Clinica Medica Generale, Universit&agrave
Protein Chemistry Laboratory, Imperial Cancer Research Fund&
National Institute for Medical Research&
"Agricultural Research Council, Animal Breeding Research Organisation, King''s Buildings, West Mains Road, Edinburgh.Moredun Institute, Edinburgh."
"Department of Geography, Birkbeck College (University of London), London, W.C.1. March 4."
Departement de Biologie g&
"Meteorological Office, Air Ministry, London."
"Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, University of Edinburgh. Jan. 10."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Budapest, Budapest. Aug. 13."
tique, Neurog&
t, Luisenstrasse 14, 8 M&
 Medical Physics and Radiation Oncology, and&
 de Nancy I, Laboratoire de P&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Jan. 31."
Requests for reprints should be addressed to I. M."
"Diabetic Research Group, Histological Department, University of Uppsala,"
 Medicinal and Structural Chemistry&
"Laboratoire Central de Phytopathologie, Institut National pour l''&
Biophysics Research Division, &
"University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland.&
"Department of Physics, Birkbeck College, University of London, London, W.C.1. April 29."
"Geophysical Department, E&
"Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College, University of London. April 1."
"Department of Physics, Poona University, Poona, 7."
"Department of Biochemistry.Department of Neuropsychiatry, School of Medicine, University of Nagoya. July 19."
"New South Wales State Cancer Council, Special Unit, Prince of Wales Hospital, Sydney."
"Department of Ore Dressing, Universit&
Member of the MRC Toxicology Research Unit, Carshalton, Surrey."
Pathology, Harvard Medical School
"Division of Microbial Genetics, Institute of Applied Microbiology, University of Tokyo. April 28."
bec, Sainte-Foy, Qu&
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics, Queen''s College, Dundee."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. June 20."
"Department of Biochemistry, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"Biochemistry Department, Institute of Dermatology, Leicester Square, London, W.C.2. Feb. 7."
Seconded from The Borough Polytechnic, London, S.E.1."
ve, 1 ch. de l''Imp&
"Laboratoires de G&
"Department of Dermatology, University College Hospital Medical School, London."
"Geophysical Institute, Tokyo University. Feb. 18."
rieure de Lyon, 46 All&
Department of Neuroscience, &
"Laboratoire de Biochimie, Institut de Biologie Mol&
 Department of Clinical Chemistry, University of Lund,The General Hospital, S-21401 Malm&
 Present address: Institut f&
Visiting worker."
On leave from D&
 Abteilung Molekulare Entwicklungsbiologie,Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"The Squibb Institute for Medical Research, Princeton, New Jersey 08540"
"First Grade College, Mysore. Nov. 28."
rimentale, Fondation M&
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 29/39 Brunswick Square, London, WC1N 1AX"
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Edinburgh, Drummond Street, Edinburgh."
"Instituto di Genetica, Facolt&agrave
"State Horticultural Institute, Piikki&
, H&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute (Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital), Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. April 9."
Instituut voor Anthropogenetica, Rijksuniversiteit te Leiden, Leiden.&
"Rosebank, Bishopbriggs."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Alkali Division, Research Department, Northwich, and Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks."
"Agricultural Research Council Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berkshire."
Villejuif"
"Division of Radiation Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex"
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen. Feb. 22."
"Laboratory of Polarographic Analysis, 7002 South Halsted Street, Chicago 21. Feb. 19."
"Institute of Nuclear Physics, Krak&
"Istituto di Fisiologia Umana dell''Universita di Milano ed Impresa di Elettrofisiologia del Consiglio Nazionale delle Richerche, Sezione di Milano."
Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Fishermen''s Bend, Victoria 3207"
"Nationaal Instituut voor Brouwgerst, Mout en Bier-T.N.O., Polderstraat 10, Rotterdam-25."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
Now at the Radar Research Establishment, Malvern."
"Departments of Biochemistry and Physics, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. June 12."
Department of Geology, Portsmouth Polytechnic, Portsmouth, Hampshire."
riaux, Institut des Sciences de la Mati&
Geochemical Laboratory, Meteorological Research Institute, Nagamine 1&
Laboratory of Structural Biology, National Institute of Arthritis, Diabetes, and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, and &
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Homi Bhabha Road, Colaba, Bombay-5"
"Food and Drug Directorate, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa.&
"Department of Zoology, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9."
nchen 23, Kraepelinstr. 2."
Permanent address: Laboratoire de Thermodynamique et Physico-Chimie M&
Department of Geology, University of New England, Armidale, NSW.&
"Department of Physics, University of Delhi, Delhi-8."
Present address: British Indestructo Glass, Ltd., London, N.W.10."
"Istituto di Ricerche Farmacologiche, &
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, nr. Maidenhead, Berks."
a, Hospital General, M&
Observatoire de Besan&
20197
 Genzentrum,Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, SW1."
r Biologic, Abteilung Immungenetik, Corrensstr. 42, D-7400 T&
"Departments of Surgery, Royal Infirmary and Western Infirmary, University of Glasgow."
In connexion with a report 1960 in Belgrade, Radiological Institute, Medical Faculty, as an expert for cobalt-60 teletherapy under contract of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Vienna."
"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
Laboratoire de Cytog&
"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.&
"Department of Bacteriology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London Bridge, S.E.I."
 and the McGill&
ts-Kinderklinik, W&
culaire, D&
"Department of Entomology, University of Cairo."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough."
Institut de Geophysique, Universit&
"Central Research Units, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
"University College, Achimota, Gold Coast. Sept. 14."
"Department of Anthropology, University College, University of London.MRC Group in Haemolytic Anaemia, University College Hospital Medical School."
 Department of Immunology and &
"Royal South Hants Hospital, Southampton. March 26.&
"Instituto Tecnol&
"Materials Group, National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride, Glasgow."
"Blaize House, Lavenham, Suffolk"
 di Roma, Centro di Studi della Microcitemia e delle Anemie Microcitemiche, Roma."
Present address: Department of Geophysics, University of Edinburgh, 6 South Oswald Road, Edinburgh EH9 2HX."
"Department of Chemistry, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
"Department of Zoology, University of Rajasthan, Jodhpur."
"Department of Biology, Ochanomizu University, Bunkyo Ward, Tokyo. Sept. 12."
"Radiobiological Research Unit of the Medical Research Council, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
"East Malling Research Station, East Malling, Kent. April 20."
Now at the University of Sheffield."
gv&auml
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. July 28."
General practitioner, London."
"Department of Geology, Memorial University of Newfoundland, St. John''s, Newfoundland A1C 5S7"
 University Department of Pharmacology and &
"Bakteriologische Abteilung des Lohm&
tique et Microbiologie, Universit&
"Lockwood, Lower Kirklington Road, Southwell, Notts."
To whom corresponence should be addressed."
lischen Technischen Hochschule, Aachen."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Jan. 4."
Department of Geology, University College of Rhodesia, Salisbury.&
"Institute of Ecology and Genetics, Ny Munkegade Building 550, University of &
The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent&
"Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge. Anglesey."
"Analytical Chemistry Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory&
5, B-4000 Li&
"Institute of Zoophysiology, University of Uppsala. June 9."
"Service d'' A&
"Instituto de Ci&
Research Laboratories, A/S Ferrosan, Sydmarken 1&
"Chemistry Department, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.ll."
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Departments of Medicine, Microbiology and Immunology and &
"Instituto G. Mara&
 Growth andDevelopment,&
Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Physiology, Tokyo Medical College, Tokyo."
 Descartes, 45, rue des Saint P&
"Wye College (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent."
"Department of Clinical Pathology, University College Hospital, London, W.C.1. June 10."
ographic, Universit&
Operated by Associated Universities, Inc., under contract with the National Science Foundation."
"Pharmaceutical Research Department, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
r Klinische Chemie und Biochemie, Virchow-Klinikum des Humboldt Universit&auml
Neuropathology,&
Molecular Biochemistry, &
Scientific Staff, Medical Research Council.&
r Chemie 2: Chemie der Belasteten Atmosph&auml
"Department of Neuropathology, Max-Planck-Institute for Psychiatry,Munich."
"Entomological Research Station, Nelson, N.Z."
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. March 31."
"Cardeza Foundation for Hematologic Research, Department of Medicine, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia."
Mount Isa Mines Pty, Mount Isa, Queensland&
"Department of Biological and Environmental Science, Konnevesi Research Station, University of Jyv&auml
On deputation from Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Trombay, Bombay 400 085."
rdoba, C&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Nov. 3."
r Mineralogie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Fisheries Laboratory, The Esplanade, Lowestoft."
Department of Human Anatomy, University of Nairobi, PO Box 30197, Nairobi&
"Department of Biochemistry, The London Hospital Medical College, London, E1."
"Department of Botany, University College, Leicester."
ttingen, Nikolausberger Weg 5a, D-3400 G&
"Bacteriology Department, University New Building, Teviot Place, Edinburgh 1. March 19."
ARC Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, near Newbury, Berks.&
 Medicine, and &
 Neurobiology and &
Medical Research Council Scholar."
Department of Biochemistry, &
"MRC Unit for Research in Brain Metabolism, Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh Medical School."
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, Queen''s College, Dundee. May 1."
"Laboratory of Experimental Surgery, H&
"Biological Computation Research Department, At&amp
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.17. July 16."
"Physiology Department, Medical School, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. June 12."
"Radiologisches Institut der Universitet, Freiburg im Breisgau."
Present address: Division of Wild Life, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra."
bingen. Feb. 10."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, The Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1. Oct. 26.&
Department of Geology and Geophysics, and &
 Institut Romand de Recherche Num&
dio B, 3&
Present address: Sandoz Pharma AG, Pr&auml
"Chemistry Department, University, Leeds. May 11."
Defence Research Establishment, Ottawa 4, Ontario.&
"Department of Physiology, University College, University of London."
58."
"Materials Department, Research and Development Division, Cement and Concrete Association, Stoke Poges, Slough, Bucks."
 To whom correspondence should be addressed. "
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield.&
"Department of Mathematics, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.1."
"Department of Biology as Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1P 6DB"
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield."
"Institute of Tropical Medicine, Lisbon."
"Istituto di Chimica Farmaceutica dell ''Universit&agrave
r Allgemeine und Angewandte Geophysik, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universit&auml
matiques, Universit&
Predoctoral fellow of the National Institutes of Health."
"Gatty Marine Laboratory, University of St. Andrews."
"MRC Research Group in Applied Neurobiology, Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London."
 Pharmacology,&
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, University of Lund."
"Ditton Laboratory, Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Maidstone, Kent."
"Institute of Zoology, University of D&
"Department of Anatomy, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School. Dec. 20."
al and &
mica, Universidad de la Rep&
 Louis Pasteur, 12, rue du G&
"Biology Division, Institute Ruder Bo&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment (Ministry of Supply), Westcott, Bucks. March 13."
Democritus&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Mylnefield, Invergowrie, By Dundee. Dec. 3."
"The Royal Veterinary College, University of London."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute."
Institute Astr&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food Infestation Control Laboratory, Field Research Station, Worplesdon, Guildford, Surrey."
"Department of Pathology, Royal Infirmary, Sunderland."
 European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching, M&
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam. (Shell Research N.V.)."
Vijverhof&
"Department of Astronomy, University of Tokyo.Kashima Branch, Radio Research Laboratories.Tokyo Astronomical Observatory, Mitaka Tokyo."
, Toronto 12, Ontario."
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson&
Laboratoire ''Hydrologie et de G&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9."
"Crystallographic Laboratory, Geological Institute, University of Ghent. July 15."
"McGill-Montreal General Hospital Research Institute, 3619 University Street, Montreal."
Present address: Department of Anaesthesia, the Royal Infirmary, Aberdeen."
Neurogenetics Section, Overholser Division of Clinica Research, National Center for Mental Health Services, Training and Research, National Institute of Mental Health, Department of Health, Education and Welfare.&
School of Dentistry, &
"Royal Naval Scientific Service. April 4."
 Libre de Bruxelles. Oct. 20."
Cell and Radiation Biology Laboratories, Clinical Radiation Therapy Research Center, Department of Radiology, Allegheny General Hospital.&
"Division of Numerical and Applied Mathematics, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Laboratorium voor Parasitologie, Rijksuniversiteit te Leiden."
"22 Warner Road, London N8"
"Institut de Pathologie Cellulaire, H&
"Bureau of Mineral Resources, Canberra. Feb. 10."
"Institute of Wood Technology,Timber Technology Department, High College of Agriculture, Pozna&
"Max-Volmer-Institut, I. Institut f&
Present addresses: D&
e 10, 4400 M&
partement de Neuropharmacologie, Synth&
Laboratoire de Microscopie Analytique Appliqu&
"Division of H&
"Institute for Histology and Laboratory for Electron Microscopy, University of Ghent. March 21."
"The British Petroleum Co., Ltd., London, E.C.2."
"Department of Physiology, University of Edinburgh."
"Department of Anatomy and Embryology, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Aug. 10."
"Galton Laboratory,Department of Phonetics, University College, London, W.C.1. March 30."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3.Chelsea Polytechnic, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. Jan. 1."
decine de Strasbourg, 3 Rue Koeberl&
"Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12. Nov. 6."
jov."
"Laboratoire P&
"East Malling Research Station, Near Maidstone, Kent. Jan. 4."
"Grass Breeding Section, Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Aberystwyth. Nov. 29."
Department of Molecular Biology and &
"The Welsh National School of Medicine, Institute of Pathology, The Royal Infirmary, Cardiff, Wales."
a, Miner&
nchen, und Akademie des Sanit&auml
 di Roma. July 21."
"Facult&
 Program in Molecular Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Centre, &
Present address: Esso Research and Engineering Co., Process Research Division, Exploratory Research Section, Linden, New Jersey."
ge. Oct. 13."
Departments of Chemistry, and Physics&
 M.M. and D.R. are equal first authors.&
Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo&
nchen, Childrens'' Hospital, D-8000 M&
tedra de Fisiolog&
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sheep Biology Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales. Aug. 3."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Dec. 8."
"Marine Station, Millport, Isle of Cumbrae.Department of Zoology, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Oct. 25."
" Unite de Parasitologie experimentale &
"Colonial Pesticides Research, Tropical Products Institute, 56&
 Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and &
"Department of Biology and &
Dr. Henry Milch died suddenly and unexpectedly on March 3, 1964."
rden Sykehus, Bergen."
"Department of General Physiology, Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. Jan. 18."
"Biochemistry Division, National Institute of Communicable Diseases, Delhi.&
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7. Feb. 1.&
"Section of Mathematical Statistics, c/o Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, South Melbourne. April 26."
on, Unit&
"69 Manor Road, Barnet, Herts."
"Clinico-Pathological Laboratories, Imperial Cancer Research Fund, Royal College of Surgeons, London, W.C.2. Nov. 25."
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Plant Industry, Canberra."
"Savannah River Plant, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., Aiken, South Carolina."
tterung der Universit&auml
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey."
"Department of Physiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Institute of Psychiatry, De Crespigny Park, London."
, 48 Bd S&
 342, H&
"Institute of Medical Research, Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney. July 1."
 C. and O. Vogt Institute for Brain Research, Heinrich Heine University D&
re, 48 boulevard de l''H&
On leave from Central Research Institute for Chemistry, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest."
Present address: Organisch-chemisches Institut, Basel.H&
"Department of Geology, University of St. Andrews."
"National Institute of Oceanography, Godalming, Surrey."
Fellow of the Jane Coffin Childs Memorial Fund for Medical Research.&
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12. March 2."
Fellow of the Jane Coffin Childs Memorial Fund for Medical Research."
"UKAEA, Authority Health and Safety Branch, Risley, Lancashire."
"Biological and Medical Sciences Division, U.S. Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory, San Francisco."
Present address: ETH Z&
"Electricity Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Feb. 14."
Present address: Rotterdam Radiotherapeutisch Institute, 323 Bergweg, Rotterdam."
t, G&
r Organische Chemie, ETH-Zentrum, Universit&auml
"Research and Development Department, The Distillers Company, Ltd., Epsom, Surrey. May 8."
Laboratory of Pathology, &
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berks."
Department of Immunology, Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey 07110&
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne, C.1. Aug. 2."
"Pharmacological Laboratories, Sandoz, Ltd., Basle.Department of Obstetrics and Gyn&
"MRC Experimental Virus Research Unit, Institute of Virology, Glasgow."
"National Research Council Unit for Muscle Biology and Physiopathology, Institute of General Pathology, University of Padova, Via Loredan 16, 35100 Padova"
"Centraal Laboratorium T.N.O., Delft. Oct. 11."
"43 Courtfield Road, London, S.W.7. Aug. 30."
Present address: Institute of Applied Microbiology, University of Tokyo.&
 di Milano. Istituto di Chimica Biologica, Universit&agrave
"Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdon.Laboratory of the Government Chemist, London, S.E.1."
"Department of Hop Research, Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent. May 1."
"Department of Zoology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"C.S.I.R.O., Chemical Research Laboratories, Box 4331 G.P.O., Melbourne."
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, Ministry of Supply."
Istituto di Anatomia, Universit&agrave
Museum, Snake Park and Oceanarium, Port Elizabeth"
Wellcome Veterinary Research Fellow."
 Gr&
 Observatoire du Pic du Midi. F 65200 Bagn&
"Commonwealth Serum Laboratories, Parkville, N.2, Victoria."
"Institut Laue-Langevin, 38042 Grenoble C&
"Queen Elizabeth College, London, W.8.National institute for medical research London, N.W.7."
"Institute of Medical Research, Royal North Shore Hospital of Sydney, Crows Nest, New South Wales."
"Department of Physics, University of Sheffield, S10 2TN"
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Feb. 28."
"Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and &
r Pathologie, Klinikum des Friedrich-Schiller-Universit&auml
"Department of Geology, Panjab University, Chandigarh."
Pharmakologisches Institut, der Justus Liebig-Universit&auml
 de Louvain. March 28."
"Department of Zoology, University, Lucknow."
"Microbiological Research Establishment, Ministry of Defence, Porton, Salisbury."
"Zoologisches Institut, Eidgen&
"Nicholas Research Institute, Ltd., Slough, Bucks."
"MRC National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA"
t Hamburg, 2 Hamburg 13, Laufgraben 24.&
Hahn-Meitner-Institut f&
t Munchen, Maria-Wardstrasse 1a, 8000 M&
rio de Estudos Petrol&
r Klassische Arch&auml
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. Nov. 20."
"Department of Botany, University of St. Andrews, St. Andrews.&
 Molecular Genetics, &
"Epigenetics Research Group, University of Edinburgh."
"Clinical Research Department, Kanematsu Institute, Sydney Hospital, Sydney."
"Department of Veterinary Histology and Embryology, University of Glasgow."
"Aerodynamics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Electronics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Dec. 22."
Surgery and &
rale, Coll&
r Radiumforschung, Vienna. June 14."
Osservatorio Astrofisico, Universit&
"Lankenau Hospital Research Institute and Institute for Cancer Research. Philadelphia 11. Pa. Nov. 3.&
European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Str. 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
a, FFyB, UBA, Jun&
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh. April 25."
Abteilung III (Biochemische Pharmakologie), Institut f&
 Department of Physics and &
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, NW7."
sica y Bioqu&
"Department of Pathology and the Argonne Cancer Research Hospital &
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork."
 Ronald O. Perelman Department of Dermatology, and &
"University College, Exeter."
"Institute of Plant Physiology, L. E&
al, CP 6128, succ. Centre-ville, Montr&
Department of Microbiology and Immunology and &
"Division of Applied Mineralogy, C.S.I.R.O. Chemical Research Laboratories, Melbourne."
, Gordon Ave., Stanmore, Middx."
"1Institut f&
Departments of Microbiology and Immunology, &
 Department of Pharmacology and &
Present address: E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., Textile Fibers Department, May Plant, Camden, South Carolina."
"Food and Drug Directorate, Research Laboratories, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa, Ontario."
Department of Mathematics, Napier College of Science and Technology, Colinton Road, Edinburgh."
U.S. Public Health Service Postdoctoral Fellow."
Present address : Research Council of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta."
Centre de Recherches sur la Synth&
The Salk Institute
Medical Research Council Virology Unit, Church Street, Glasgow G11 5JR"
 Pathology and &
Max Planck Institut f&
"Sloan&
"The British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey. May 15."
Present address: Melpar Inc., Falls Church, Va., U.S.A."
 Laboratoire de Biologie Mol&
"Biochemical and Microbiological Laboratories, Department of Antibiotics, &
"Irving Clinic, Kamloops, B.C.Veterinary and Medical Entomology Section, Entomology Laboratory, Kamloops, B.C."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Aug. 13."
"Department of General Microbiology, University of Edinburgh.&
Groupe d''lmmunodiff&
 de Neurobiologie (U.109), Centre Paul Broca de l''INSERM, 2ter, rue d''Al&
"Department of Zoology, University of Tel-Aviv."
Department of Biochemistry, University of Auckland, Auckland&
 de Strasbourg. Dec. 2."
"Welsh School of Pharmacy, Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
"Western Precipitation Division, Joy Manufacturing Co., Los Angeles 54."
Present addresses: Max-Delbr&
Senior postdoctoral Fellow, Interdisciplinary Program in Nervous Functions and Behaviour, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, U.S. Public Health Service grant NIH-2M-6418(C5)."
t Halle, Domplatz 1, DDR-4020 Halle, GDR&
d, Geofyzik&
Max-Plank-Institut f&
"Nobeyama Radio Observatory, Minamimaki, Minamisaku, Nagano 384&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3."
22492
Bell Telephone Laboratories, Holmdel, New Jersey 07733"
"Department of Clinical Physiology, University of G&
t, 463 Bochum"
"Department of &
Present address: West Middlesex Hospital, Isleworth, Middlesex."
"Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
3699
. Sept. 25.&
1964), the National Institutes of Health (3&
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Edinburgh. Aug. 21."
"Department for Experimental and Clinical Chemotherapy, Tumour Clinic of the Institute for Medicine and Biology, German Academy of Sciences, Berlin-Buch. March 3."
ge. Aug. 1."
decine Exp&
"Laboratoires de Chimie Organique et Inorganique, Universit&
decine, Strasbourg. June 23."
"Endocrinology and Reproduction Research Branch, NICHD
Boursier de recherches du Fonds National Belge de la recherche scientifique."
e Laboratoire associ&
, Chemistry&
"Physical Chemistry Laboratory, University of Delhi."
"Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut der Freien Universit&auml
 91190 &
36782
"Departments of Bacteriology and Pathology, University of Edinburgh."
bingen a.N., Waldh&auml
"Research Department, Biochemistry Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. May 26."
ophysique G. Lema&
"Laboratoire de Min&
lich, Postfach 1913, D-5170 J&
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Berkshire.Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Transvaal Museum, Pretoria. Sept. 9."
"Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. Dec. 16."
Brussels,&
"Department of Mathematics, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
"Hope''s Grove, Tenterden, Kent."
"C.E.A.,DSM, DAPNIA, Service d''Astrophysique, C.E. Saclay, F-91191Gif-sur-Yvette C&
"Radcliffe Observatory, Pretoria."
Committeeon Evolutionary Biology, and &
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1.St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, near Didcot, Berks. April 9."
"Queen Mary''s Hospital, Roehampton, London, SW15."
"Health Physics Department, Danish Atomic Energy Commission, Ris&
"Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital,Radiotherapy Department, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, Shepherds Bush, London, W.12. Oct. 10."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Jan. 30."
r Technische Geologic, Technische Universit&auml
 Research Division, Joslin Diabetes Center, Department of Medicine, Brigham &amp
"Allen Clark Research Centre, The Plessey Co., Ltd., Caswell, Towcester, Northants.Division of Molecular Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
 and Experimental Allergy Research&
"Department of Chemistry, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, Chelsea, S.W.3."
Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics and &
"School of Pharmacy, Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1."
"Laboratory of Cellular Oncology, Building 37
"Department of Physics, Sir John Cass College, Jewry Street, London EC3."
ologie, Mus&
 Institute of Normal and Pathological Physiology, Academy of the Rumanian People''s Republic, Bucarest."
"Pathological Anatomical Institute, Kommunehospitalet, Copenhagen, and Chromosome Laboratory, Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Y, Rigshospitalet, University Hospital, Copenhagen&
"Medical Research Council Rheumatism Research Unit, Manor Hospital, Bath."
"Sir William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London. June 5."
 Present address: Ruhr-Universitat Bochum, Institut f&
r Hirnforschung, K&
xico DF 04510, M&
4281
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Textile Physics, Ryde, New South Wales."
Laboratoire de Photophysique Mol&
"Seismology Division, Earth Physics Branch, Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, Ottawa"
lia, 70919 Bras&
Fellow of the Miller Institute for Basic Research in Science, on leave of absence from the C.S.I.R.O. Division of Plant Industry, Canberra."
"Clinica del Lavoro and Istituto Sieroterapico Milanese, Universit&agrave
"Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. Aug. 14."
4759
Fachbereich Biologie, Universit&auml
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset. Feb. 24."
Department of Geography and &
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 30."
, L Bergamini&
"Chemistry Department, Acton Technical College, London, W.3. June 30."
Department of Biophysics, King''s College, 26&
"Laboratoire de Biologie Animale, Facult&
"Botanical Institute, University of T&
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset. Feb. 14."
llulaire, D&
"Division of Animal Health, CSIRO, McMaster Laboratory, Glebe, New South Wales."
"Laboratory Animals Centre, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
, Biochemistry&
nchen 15, Goethestr. 31."
Centro di Studi Biochimici sul Morbo di Cooley, Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara, c/o Istituto di Chimica Biologica, Universit&
 Physics Department and &
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo. Nov. 25."
 Libre de Bruxelles"
Laboratoire de l'' Acc&
Department of Chemistry and &
 Co. Ltd, Aire Place Mills, Kirkstall Road, Leeds LS3 1JL.&
ts-Nervenklinik, M&
ontologisches Institut, Universit&auml
r Strahlenbiologie, Kernforschungszentrum, Karlsruhe 1."
, Physique Th&
"McMaster Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parramatta Road, Glebe, Sydney."
"Institut d''Immuno-Biologie H&
"East Malling Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent."
V&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. May 31."
 Centre d''lnvestigaci&
partement de Radiobiologie, Centre d''Etude de l''Energie Nucl&
res, Qu&
"Nutrition Research Laboratory, Veterinary Research Station, Glenfield, New South Wales. Oct. 29."
Research Fellow of the J. Polachek Foundation."
"Department of Physics, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. July 3."
"Physical Institute, Hungarian University for Technical Sciences, Budapest. Jan. 30."
 Pharmacology and Therapeutics, and &
Calibration stars: SA0162229 and SA0188337 in 1989 and 1990, respectively.&
"Animal Health Trust, Houghton Grange, Houghton, Huntingdon. July 7."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Butterwick Research Laboratories, Welwyn, Herts. July 30."
"Laboratoire de Zoologie G&
o Paulo, CP 30.627 S&
"Cancer Research Unit, Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, Royal Melbourne Hospital, Melbourne, Victoria 3050."
Operated by the Union Carbide Corporation for the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission."
"Department of Pathology&
Scottish Universities Research and ReactorCentre, East Kilbride, Glasgow G75 OQU,UK&
"Institute for Inorganic Chemistry, University of Z&
 Structural Biology Laboratory and &
"Technical College, Blackburn. Sept. 28."
dicale (INSERM), H&
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Agricultural Research Council, Slough, Bucks."
The Oncology Center, &
"National Chemical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Wood Chemistry Section, Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Oct. 24."
To whom all correspondence should be addressed"
Laboratory of Persistent Viral Diseases, &
U.119 de l''I.N.S.E.R.M. 27, Bd Le&
, Ume&
"Ross Institute of Tropical Hygiene, Keppel Street, London, W.C.1. Aug. 27."
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, 183&
nster (Westf.), Hittorfstr. 17."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Sept. 23."
Present address : Division of Experimental Radiology."
"Biophysics Laboratories, Physics Department, Portsmouth Polytechnic, Park Road, Portsmouth P01 2DZ"
United States Public Health Service."
"School of Applied Physics, New South Wales University of Technology,Division of Metrology, National Standards Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientiic and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. April 14."
"Institute of Pharmacology and Centre of Virology, University of Cagliari."
r Molekulare Medizin, Robert-R&
"Laboratoire de Neurophysiologie, Coll&
"Institut fur medizinische Optik der Universitat Munchen, Barbarastrasse 16, D8&
"Centro de Endocrinolog&
 de Microbiolog&
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. April 1."
A del Comitato Nazionale Ricerche Nucleari, Istituto di Patologia Generale, Mangiagalli, 31, Milano."
o Paulo, Institute Astronomico e Geofisico, Departamento de Geofisica, Caixa Postal 30.627, 01.000 S&
Supported by a grant from the U.S. Public Health Service."
Permanent address: The Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, L. E&
Cyclotron Research Centre (B30), University of Li&
"Laboratoire de Biophysique, Facult&
r Chemie, Postfach 3060, D&
"ICI Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
"Laboratoires de Vitzy du C.N.R.S., Facult&
tudes nordiques et D&
"Departments of Pathology (H&
"Joint Fisheries Research Organization, Fort Rosebery, Northern Rhodesia. April 18."
"DepartamentoBiolog&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Heavy Organic Chemicals Division, Akers Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts."
"Imperial College, London SW7."
"Physics Department, Imperial College, London SW7"
"Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds. March 19."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. April 8."
Firmenich, SA, Research Laboratories, Gen&
"Pharmaco-Industrial Research Institute, Budapest."
"Istituto di Fisica del Politecnico, Torino. May 25."
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, University of Tokyo. Sept. 5."
"Experimental Oil Test Group, Research Department, Vickers-Armstrongs, Ltd., Elswick Works, Newcastle upon Tyne 4. May 6."
NB&
"(N.V. De Bataafsche Petroleum Maatschappij), Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam."
, Cardiovascular Research Institute&
"Seale Hayne College, Newton Abbot, Devon. April 26."
l Clinic, University of Louvain."
"Department of Physics, Sir John Cass College, London"
"Molecular Biology Unit, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay."
"Groupe Infrarouge Spatial, Observatoire de Meudon, 92190&
Public Health Research Fellow of the National Cancer Institute, U.S.A.
"Geophysical Institute, University of Tokyo."
 and Biology&
"Ship Division, National Physical Laboratory, Middlesex."
r Biochemie, Technische Universit&auml
Present address: 11511&
Max-Planck -Institut f&
"Department of Pharmacology, Hoffmann&
"Laboratoire de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Meteorological Office, Poona, 5."
"Observatory &
"Materials Research Laboratory and &
nica, Escola Polit&
"Department of Oral Medicine and Pathology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
"Polytechnical Institute, Gda&
"Department of Physics, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
Instituto de F&
"CSIRO Division of Applied Chemistry, Box 4331, GPO, Melbourne."
Formerly of Antarctic Division, Department of Supply, Melbourne."
Permanent address: Section of Clinical Immunology, Department of Internal Medicine, University Hospital, H&auml
"Institute of Experimental Physics, University of Naples."
"Division of Textile Physics, C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, Ryde, Sydney."
Present address: A.E.I. Research Laboratory, Aldermaston, Berks."
r analytische Chemie  Technische Universit&auml
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead, Berks. July 21."
"Department of Physics, University of Madras. Madras 25."
"Biology Department, Amherst College, Amherst, Mass."
decine exp&
"Department of Physics, Sir George Williams University, Montreal."
"Departments of Anatomy and Physiology, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2"
"Department of Engineering, University College, Newport Road, Cardiff."
"Department of Mathematics, University of Natal."
Deportamento de Gen&
"Physics Department, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. Dec. 4."
"Department of Agriculture, Dodoma, Tanganyika.Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomews'' Medical College, University of London."
tedra de Zoolog&
"Department of Pharmacology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London EC1."
Subsecretaria de Cultura de Neuqu&
"Wernher Research Unit on Ophthalmological Genetics (Medical Research Council), Royal College of Surgeons, W.C.2.Royal Eye Hospital, S.E.1."
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. May 4."
lix&
, Oak Ridge, Tennesse.&
Present address: Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Tel-Aviv University Medical School, Beilinson Hospital, Petah Tikya."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, and Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. March 13."
"Laboratoire de Biophysique du Mus&
n Costa, 32, Madrid."
MRC Laboratory Animals Centre, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey&
decine, 45 Rue des Saints P&
"Department of Materials, College of Aeronautics, Cranfield."
um, Pall Mall, London, S.W.1. July 22."
Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cient&
"First Department of Medicine, University Medical School, Budapest.Institute for Experimental Medical Research, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest.Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest."
"Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Ottawa, Ontario."
 Biochemistry and &
a, Dto. Biolog&
UFAW Research Fellow."
AERE, Harwell, Berkshire.&
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Department of Biomechanics and Surgical Materials, Institute of Orthop&
"The Wistar Institute, 36th Street at Spruce, Philadelphia 4, Pa.The McMaster Institute, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, New South Wales."
tique de Mol&
"National College of Rubber Technology, Northern Polytechnic, Holloway, London, N.7."
"Facultad de Farmacia, Laboratorio de Fisico-Quimica, Departamento de Quimica-Fisica Biol&
r Radiumforschung, Vienna. Feb. 23."
"Medical Research Council Neurological Research Unit, National Hospital, Queen Square, London, W.C.1. May 19."
Max-Plank-lnstitut f&
Neurobiologie, Ecole Normale Sup&
"Physical Institute, Hungarian University for Technical Sciences, Budapest. Feb. 11."
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12.&
 U-116, 45 rue des Saints-P&
"Department of Biology, NRC &
"Medical Molecular Biology Unit and &
Present address: Institute for Biophysics E22, Department of Physics, Technische Universit&auml
r Zoophysiologie, Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
 I''&
"College of Technology, Park Road, Portsmouth, Hants."
"King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2. April 23."
"Corona Group, C. A. Parsons and Co., Ltd., Fossway, Newcastle upon Tyne 6."
 Associ&
"Departments of Psychology and Anatomy, University of G&
"Department of Mathematics The City University London EC1."
, Roumania."
"Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore."
, L James&
 Scientifique et m&
"Department of Neuropathology, Institute of Neurology, National Hospital for Nervous Diseases, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Anatomy and Embryology, University College, London. May 18."
Postdoctoral Research Fellow, National Institutes of Health, U.S. Public Health Service."
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, Melbourne, C.1. Feb. 2."
"Cement and Ceramics Section, Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, G.P.O. Box 4331, Melbourne, C.1."
"Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and &
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
riologie Mol&
a Experimental, Hospital Nacional de Neuropsiquiatr&
"Crystallographic Laboratory, Geological Institute, University of Ghent."
skumn&
"Section of Orthop&
Present address: Department of Neurology, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, 1300 Morris Park Avenue, Bronx, N.Y."
partement Environment Profond IFREMER Centre de Brest, BP 70, 29280 Plouzan&
Istituto di Chimica delle Macromolecole,&
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Academy of Medicine, Cracow. Feb. 22."
"European SouthernObservatory, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Laboratorium voor Tropische Hygi&
Present address: Central Research Units, Hoffman-La Roche &amp
"H.M. Norfolk Flax Establishment, Flitcham Abbey, King''s Lynn, Norfolk. June 16."
cnics."
partement de Physique Atomique et Mol&
"Department of Botany, Presidency College, Madras 5. May 11."
"Dewar Crystallographic Laboratory, University of Edinburgh. Dec. 12."
Now deceased."
"Psychology Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. June 25."
Instituto Astron&
"Bacteriology Department, St. Thomas''s Hospital, London, S.E.1. Nov. 2."
 National Environmental ''Research Institute, Department of Wildlife Ecology, Kal&
 Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh, Morningside Park, Edinburgh,UK&
"Departments of Pediatrics and Pathology, The Hospital for Sick Children, 555 University Avenue, Toronto 101"
r Molekulare Genetik, Berlin-Dahlem"
nchen 9."
"B&
"Field Station, Imperial College, Ashurst Lodge, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berkshire."
"Coagulation Laboratory, Department of Surgery, Presbyterian&
Mundt Fellow from the Department of Botany, University, St. Andrews. Oct. 29."
"Engineering Laboratory, University College, Cardiff."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Medical School, King''s College Hospital, London, S.E.5."
 ast
matology Department, Westminster Medical School and Hospital, London, S.W.1."
 William Lettis &amp
partement de Physico-Chimie, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 9."
r Molekularbiologie und Tumorforschung (IMT), Philipps-Universit&auml
"Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo.Agricultural Chemical Section, Orman, Giza.&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Health and Production, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales. July 20."
"Foods Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Jan. 10."
"University Biochemical Laboratory Madras, 25. June 2.&
Present address: Tropical Stored Products Centre, Ministry of Overseas Development, London Road, Slough, Bucks."
7263) from the National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases."
"State Institute of Public Health and First Medical Clinic, University Medical School, Budapest."
"Rosenlaui, Parkgate Crescent, Hadley Wood, Barnet, Herts. June 11."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen.Pathology Department, University Medical Building, Foresterhill, Aberdeen."
Department of Physiology, Harvard School of Public Health&
"The General Hospital, Newcastle on Tyne.St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
r Pal&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3."
Centre de Recherche du Centre Hospitalier de I''Universit&
"Astronomy Institute, Bonn University."
"Smithsonian Astrophysical and Harvard College Observatories. April 6."
r Meereskunde der Universit&auml
"Esso Research Ltd., Abingdon, Berks."
 d'' Immunologie P&
"Institute of Plant Physiology, Uppsala 7. May 26."
Paediatric Unit, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2"
"Department of Physical Chemistry, Attila J&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Jan. 21."
Sart Tilman, B-4000 Li&
t Freiburg, Sch&auml
  IFRMP, Unit&
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Aug. 22."
"Dept. of Pharmacology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Birkbeck College Electronic Computer Project, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. May 9."
"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College, London SW7."
sicas y Naturales, Buenos Aires. Aug. 1."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks. Jan. 17."
Panduri&
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute and &
r Tuberkulose, Davos. Dec. 22.&
"British Baking Industries Research Association, Chorleywood, Herts. April 25."
tspoliklinik, Freiburg im Breisgau."
"Veterinary Research Laboratory and School of Veterinary Assistants, Astrida, Ruanda-Urundi, Central Africa."
"Laboratory of Physical Chemistry, University, Ghent. Sept. 10."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Institute of Neurology, The National Hospital, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
odynamique Sous-Marine, Observatoire Oc&
rst-P&
To whom correspondence could be sent."
1955."
"University of Glasgow, Glasgow, W.2."
"Genetics Department, Instituto Agronomico, Campinas, S&
"Department of Bacteriology, School of Medicine, Leeds, 2. March 17."
"Research Institute of National Defense, Departments 4, S-104 01 Stockholm 80 and Department of Clinical Genetics, Karolinska Hospital, S-104 01 Stockholm 60"
"Inland Waters Branch, Department of Energy Mines and Resources, No. 8 Temporary Building, Carling Avenue, Ottawa."
ochimie et Cosmochimie (LA 196), Institut de Physique du Globe et D&
rzburg, Versbacher Str. 7, D-8700 W&
timent 414, 91405 Orsay C&
 Department of Medicine of the Children''s Hospital Medical Center
ge"
ge&
"Chemistry Branch, Atomic Energy Project, National Research Council, Chalk River, Ontario. Jan. 30."
"Department of Biochemistry, Ayerst Research Laboratories, Montreal."
r biophysikalische Chemie, Postfach 2841, Am Fassberg, D-3400 G&
Departments of Neuroscience and &
t, Frankfurt-am-Main. Sept. 8."
 Rockefeller Foundation Fellow."
micas, Madrid, 3."
tales, Universit&
 Bureau de Recherches G&
"Biochemical Laboratory, Organic Chemistry Department, University of Poznan. March 26."
"Department of Atmospheric Chemistry, Max-Planck-Institut f&
To whom reprint requests should be addressed at the School of Dental Medicine."
"British Empire Cancer Campaign, Research Unit in Radiobiology, Mount Vernon Hospital, North wood, Middlesex."
Buch."
"Department of Pathology and Bacteriology, Ontario Veterinary College, Guelph, Ontario."
  IFREMER CB, BP70 29263 Plouzan&
"MRC Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, University of London.Department of Biophysics, King''s College, University of London.&
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft. Nov. 12."
Attached staff at AERE Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire, for one year.&
"Laboratory for Cell Physiology and Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Department of Pathology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of S&
Rambam&
"Department of Pathology, St. Pancras Hospital, 4 St. Pancras Way, London, N.W.1.&
11804
"Institute of Cancer Research, Clifton Avenue, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute Laboratory, &
1180&
"Instituto de Investigaciones M&
Chercheur qualifi&
Anatomy and Cellular Biologyand&
 Dohme Research Laboratories, Division of Merck &amp
"Spectroscopy Laboratory, Benares Hindu University. June 14."
ralogie, Mus&
"Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee."
 European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Postfach 10&
Institute for Physical and Theoretical Chemistry, University of T&
pital desEnfants Malades, 149 rue de S&
Present address: Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow."
Recipient of a research career development award from the National Institutes of Health, U.S. Public Health Service."
 des Sciences et Techniques du Languedoc, Montpellier"
"Department of Medical Biochemistry, University of G&
"Institute for Agricultural Quality Testing, Budapest, and Institute for Plant Protection, Budapest."
"Department of Statistics, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Department of Solid Earth Physics, University of Uppsala, Box 556, S-751 22 Uppsala"
gica y Patol&
mica Biol&
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Royal Melbourne Hospital, Parkville, N.2. July 5."
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.&
"Courtaulds, Ltd., Coventry. April 2."
"Centre for Prehistory and Palaeontology, PO Box 30239, Nairobi"
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks. Sept. 1."
Present address: Groupe de Recherche sur I''interaction Gam&
ttingen-Nikolausberg, Am Fassberg"
"Radio Astronomy Centre, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay-5"
Laboratoire de Neurobiologie Mol&
"Departments of Pathology and Pediatrics, UCLA Medical Center, Los Angeles, and the Research Division, Hyland Laboratories."
 and Biochemistry &amp
Present address : Microbiology Research Institute, Research Branch, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa."
roly Hospital, Budapest."
kologische Chemie der Gesellschaft f&
"Research and Development Department, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucestershire."
1107
"Rikagaku Kenkyusho, (The Institute of Physical and Chemical Research), Wako-shi, Saitama-ken"
"Bedford College (University of London), Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. June 3."
"Sydney Technical College, Sydney. Dec. 10."
matology, Postgraduate Medical School of London.Medical Research Council Laboratories, Hampstead, London, N.W.3.Department of Biochemistry, University College, London."
1109
"Medical Research Council, National Institute for Medical Research, Hampstead Laboratories, Holly Hill Hampstead, London NW3 6RB"
ssische Anstalt f&
"The Nature Conservancy, 19 Belgrave Square, London, S.W.l."
Health Protection Branch, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa"
Institute for Biological Research, Belgrade&
"Laboratoire de Microscopie Electronique, D&
ttenkunde, Technische Hochschule Aachen, W&
"Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey. Oct. 28."
"Wool Research Laboratory, Experimental Farm, Lethbridge, Alberta. Sept. 3."
"Physics Department, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3."
"Biochemical Section, Pathological Laboratory, University of Leyden."
Unit 119 of the Institut National de la Sant&
"Departmentof &
tedra deImmunolog&
"Department of Zoology, University of London, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2."
"ARC Animal Breeding Research Organization, Edinburgh."
 Laboratoire d''Oncologie Mol&
t, Berne."
"Departments of Pathology, Medical Microbiology and Medicine, University of Ibadan, Ibadan"
"Biochemistry Department, British Glues and Chemicals, Ltd., Berkshire House, 168&
"Department of Virology and Rickettsiology, National Institute of Health, Tokyo."
"Department of Physiology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1."
"ARC Poultry Research Centre, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9."
"Department of Food Science, The Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow. May 18."
" Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Gruppo 4&
t Bern, B&
"BP Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
Department of Chemical Immunology and &
INSERM U25, Facult&
"Laboratory of Insect Pathology, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. April 18."
Department of Microbiology, and &
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Dec. 7."
n&amp
"Department of Physiology, Royal College of Surgeons, London.&
"Radiophysics Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, University Grounds, Chippendale, New South Wales. Nov. 1."
"International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement, Unesco, Hamburg."
"Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield. Aug. 23."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Nov. 19."
 Ris&
gskolan, Stockholm."
res ELM, Universit&
 Laboratoire Central des Ponts et Chauss&
osciences deI''Environnement URA-CNRS 132, Facult&
"MRC Rheumatism Research Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire."
"MRC Human Genetics Unit, WesternGeneral Hospital, Crewe Road, Edinburgh EH4 2XU,UK&amp
"National Physical Laboratory, Division of Inorganic and Metallic Structure, Teddington, Middlesex."
rapeutique G&
anologie et G&
 Papadopoli 1364, San Polo, Venice"
Division of Pathology and &
26, 9 quai Saint Bernard, 75&
 de Cristallographie, B&
"Institut Henri Poincar&
"Ionospheric Research Laboratories, Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair."
1.K. Tekniska H&
Neurology and &
r Physiologische Chemie, Physikalische Biochemie und Zellbiologie der Universit&auml
Departments of Pediatrics, &
"Institute of Physiology, Lund. Dec. 31."
"Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, 36th and Spruce Streets, Philadelphia 4, Pa."
"Department of Botany, University College, London, W.C.1. Feb. 15."
Special Fellow, U.S. National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness, 2F 11&
dics, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex.&
"Department of Surgery, West Roxbury Veterans Administration Hospital, Departments of Surgery and Pathology, Harvard Medical School, Peter Bent Brigham Hospital."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
r Astronomie, D-6900 Heidelberg-K&
timent de Biologie, Universit&
"University of Saarbr&
"Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead, Surrey.D. Napier and Son, Ltd., Luton Airport, Bedfordshire."
"Galton Laboratory, University College, London WC1"
 Lorraine de Laminage Continu, Ser&
 Department of Neurology, Division of Behavioral Neurology and Cognitive Neuroscience, and &
Present address: Materials Division, Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"MRC Cell Biophysics, 26&
"Poultry Research Centre, King''s Buildings, Edinburgh 9.Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. July 7."
Pediatrics and&
"Department of Chemistry, Birkbeck College (University of London),London, W.C.1."
13 West Graham Street, Glasgow, C.4.Commissariat &agrave
The Clayton Foundation Laboratories for Peptide Biology, &
"Max-Planck-lnstitut   f&
"Probus School, Probus, Truro. Sept. 13."
"European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Str. 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Middle wood Hospital, Sheffield."
"Pesticide Research Institute, London, Ontario.Department of Apiculture, Ontario Agriculture College, Guelph, Ontario."
 S. Klemperer &amp
 134 de I''Institut Nationalde la Sant&
Department of Pharmacology, University College, London&
 libre de Bruxelles."
 libre de Bruxelles.&
Dipartimento di Biochimica e Biologia Molecolare, Universit&agrave
Gatty Marine Laboratory, The University, St Andrews&
tique et Unit&
"Institut de Biochimie, Universit&
a, Joaqu&
 Facult&
"Department of Physics, Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham, Swindon.&
Nonnensteeg, 3, 2311 VJ Leiden and &
"British Baking Industries Research Association, Chorleywood, Herts.Fairey Aviation, Limited, Heston Division, Hounslow, Middx."
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Sept. 28."
"Esso Research and Engineering Co., Process Research Division, Linden, New Jersey."
"Bacteriology Department, Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
"Research Laboratories (Foods), Health Protection Branch, Tunney''s Pasture, Ottawa 3"
"Gulf Research &amp
Present address: Institut de Zoologie Ed. Van Beneden, Li&
Department of Psychology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9TJ.&
Geology Department and &
Present address : Department of Physics, Rutherford College of Technology, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. June 24."
"Animal Virus Research Institute, Pirbright, Surrey"
Fachbereich Biologie, Technischen Hochschule, 61 Darmstadt"
Present address: Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Great Westminster House, Horseferry Road, London, S.W.1."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Armidale, New South Wales."
Aspirant au Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique."
"States of Guernsey Horticultural Advisory Service, Beau S&
"Organic Chemistry Research Laboratories, Imperial College, London, S.W.7.&
Instytut Botaniki, Polskiej Akademii Nauk. Lubicz 46, 31-512 Krak&
"Guinness-Lister Research Unit, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London SW1."
Departmentof Biophysics and &amp
"Department of Clinical Surgery, University of Edinburgh."
r Theoretische Physik der Universitat, Jungiusstr. 9, D&
 Libre de Bruxelles, Avenue Franklin Roosevelt, Brussels."
Hormone Research Institute and Departments of&
"Pharmaceutical Research&
Medicine (Nephrology) and &
 Laboratory of Eukaryotic Molecular Genetics and &
sica, Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro"
"Virology Laboratory, Canine Research Station of the Animal Health Trust, Kennett, Nr. Newmarket, Suffolk."
 Department of Experimental Immunobiology, The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent."
"Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds. Aug. 26."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, University of London."
"Laboratoire de Chimie Th&
Postdoctoral Research Fellow, National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness, U.S. Public Health Service."
, Station Approach Buildings, Kidbrooke, London, S.E.3. Nov. 18."
"1st Department of Oral Anatomy and &
"Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories and Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London."
Instituto de Geofisica, Universidad Nacional Aut&
"Plessey Co., Ltd., Caswell Research Laboratories, Towcester, Northants. Sept. 6."
 Life Insurance Medical Research Fellow."
"Immuno-Virologie Mol&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Whittington Hospital, London N 19"
School of Medicine and &
 Biochemistry &amp
Department of Pathology and Howard Hughes Medical Institute&
"Department of Pathology, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, W.C.2."
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Research and Development Department, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucestershire."
"University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota. Oct. 18.&
r Physiologische Chemie, Physikalische Biochemie und Zellbiologie, Universit&auml
"Chemical Division, Research and Development Department, Distillers Company, Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom. Feb. 23."
Fellows of the Conselho Nacional de Pesquisas."
r Psychiatrie, D-8000 M&
"Fernmeldetechnisches Zentralamt der Deutschen Bundespost, Ionosph&auml
r Biochemische Pflanzenpathologie, Inglost&auml
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
Physics Department and Centre for Radio Science, University of Western Ontario&
Laboratoire d''Anthropologie, Universit&
Institute of Reproductive Medicine of the University, Steinfurterstrasse 107, D-48149 M&
Wellcome Senior Research Fellow in Clinical Science."
"Histological Laboratory, Free University, Amsterdam. Aug. 29."
Present address: Botany Department, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Snow and Ice Section, Division of Building Research, National Research Council, Ottawa, Ontario. Dec. 20."
pital Purpan, Toulouse."
Ocean Research Institute, University of Tokyo, Tokyo&
r Zoologie, Universit&auml
"Station de G&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Am Fassberg, D-37077 G&
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Royal Melbourne Hospital Post Office, Melbourne."
 Istituto di Astronomia, Universita di Padova (M.C.)
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Vlaardingen."
"Ultrasonic Research Laboratories, Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair."
bingen, Sigwartstr. 10, 7400 T&
cnico Nacional, M&
"Agricultural Research Station, Kawanda, Kampala. Oct. 19."
"National Chemical Laboratory, Poona 8."
Present address: Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Laboratory of Cellular Biochemistry, Institute &
"Research Laboratories, Pilkington Brothers, Ltd., St. Helens, Lancashire."
"Istituto di Chimica Organica dell''Universit&
"MRC Pneumoconiosis Unit, Llandough Hospital, Penarth, Glamorgan, S. Wales"
"Groupe de Recherches U&
"Laboratoire de Morphologie animale, Universit&
INSERM U129, G&
n Campomar&
 Institute for Therapeutic Research, Merck Sharp &amp
Centra di Minerogenesi, Petrogenesi e Tettogenesi dell'' Appennino Settentrionale, Istituto di Geologia dell'' Universit&agrave
"c/o J. R. Geigy, S.A., Basle."
Molecular Virology and &
r Immunologie und Virologie, Universit&auml
"Merck, Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Division of Merck and Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey."
"Department of Zoology, University College, London. March 27."
NeuroMuscular Research Center,&
Arctic and Antarctic ResearchInstitute, Beringa Street 38, 199226 Leningrad,USSR&
"Service de Spectrom&
"Microbiological Research Laboratory,Chemical Research Laboratory, Carlo Erba Institute for Therapeutical Research, Milan."
Laboratory of Biochemistry, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health &amp
 Psychology, &
"Institute de Astrof&
Internal Medicine, &
"Portsmouth and Isle of Wight Pathological Service, Central Laboratory, Milton Road, Portsmouth. Aug. 25."
re Erzbildung, Institut f&
ochronologie, Universit&
Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University Hospital, Uppsala"
trole, 1 et 4 avenue de Bois Pr&
Biologopoczvennyj Institut, Vladivostok&
 Pathology, and&
 Divisions of Hematology/Oncology,&
"United Dairies, Ltd., Research Laboratories, Western Avenue, London, W.3."
National Institutes of Health trainee.&
Service G&
 Centre de Recherches G&
partement de Biologic Cellulaire, Universit&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at: Institut f&
mica, Facultad de Farmacia, Ciudad Universitaria. Madrid. Aug. 6."
"Centre de Recherches sur l''Hypertension Arte&
"II Physikalisches Institut, C-14 Laboratorium, Universit&auml
 de Pathog&
t Berlin, K&
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of H&
r Molekulare Biologic der Universit&auml
 Department of Medicine, Division of  Hematology&
anologique de Bretagne, BP 337, Brest 29 N"
 des Sciences, Strasbourg.&
 de Recherches I.N.S.E.R.M."
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Feb. 6."
"Division of Radiophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. Oct. 24."
22Department of Marine Chemistry &amp
Laboratoire d''Immunologie N&
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College, University of London."
"Institute of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, University of Buenos Aires.&
"Department of Biochemistry, Radiobiological Laboratory, Institute of Nuclear Sciences &
rog&
"Departmento de Biolog&
"Department of Cancer Research, Mount Vernon Hospital. Northwood, Middlesex. Nov. 26."
 Both authors contributed equally to this work.&
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Rottenbiller-u.26, Budapest, VII."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
"Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Division for Toxicology, PO Box 25&
Department of Paediatrics, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London W12"
"Finsenlaboratory, Finseninstitutet og Radiumstationen, Copenhagen."
, D. Drachman&
dicale, Centre Hospitalier r&
Zoologisches Institut, Universit&auml
 Division of Hematology, Brigham and Women''s Hospital, &
Present address: Lehrstuhl f&
"Laborataires de Biologie G&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. Sept. 27.&
"Sir Howard Grubb, Parsons and Co., Walker Gate, Newcastle upon Tyne 6. Jan. 8."
Research bursar, CSIR Clinical Nutrition Research Unit."
"East Malling Research Station, Near Maidstone. Sept. 1."
"Department of Natural History, University, St. Andrews. Sept. 27."
Department of Molecular Cell Biology and &
Charles Evans &amp
"Department of Botany, University of London, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Jan. 17."
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Suginaki-ku, Tokyo."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. May 31."
Laboratoire de Glaciologie et G&
"Instituto de Histolog&
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin. Oct. 23."
Centre de Physique Th&
Steward Observatory, &
"Zoology Department, Institute of Science, Bombay 1. Feb. 24."
"Centre of Advanced Study in Geology, Panjab University, Chandigarh-14"
"Department of Physics, University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 24."
National Research Council Postdoctorate Fellow."
"Departments of Anatomy and Biology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
ochimie S&
"134 Bispham Road, Bispham, Lancashire. Feb. 5."
decine, 11, rue Humann, 67085 Strasbourg C&
mica, Instituto Nacional de Investigaciones Agron&
"The Nature Conservancy, Merlewood Research Station, Grange-over-Sands, Lancashire"
Service d''endocrinologie et diab&
MedicinalChemistry,&
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. May 4."
rimental, Universit&
Centre M&
"Physics Department, University Science Laboratories, Durham. Feb. 22."
Bone Metabolism Research Unit, University Department of Medicine, Western Infirmary, Glasgow W1&
"Petrologgia, 39 Barkly Road, Parktown, Johannesburg. Nov. 11."
Kiepenheuer-Institut f&
CNRS-UPR 9023, M&
"Department of Pathological Physiology, Krasnodar Medical Institute, Krasnodar, U.S.S.R."
"Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1."
"Biochemical Department of Chair of Organic Chemistry, Technical University in Gda&
"Chemistry Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. May 20."
t, Wien."
tique, Facult&
"Ditton Laboratory, Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, East Malling, Maidstone, Kent. Aug. 28."
"Centre for Prehistory and Palaeontology, Nairobi."
8328
Eccles Program in Human Molecular Biology and Genetics, &
tablissement d''&
 IZMIRAN, Tro&
"Cancer Research Department, Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, Hill Street, Glasgow, C.3. July 24."
r Isotopen- und Strahlenforschung (ZFI), Permoserstrasse 15, DDR&
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Tokyo."
"Institute of Ionospheric Physics, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Esso Research and Engineering Co., Process Research Division, Exploratory Research Section, Linden, New Jersey."
Institut d''Hygi&
 eacute
"Department of Psychology, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London NW1."
ncias da Sa&
a, Universidad Javeriana, Bogot&
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.Galton Laboratory, University College, London. April 13."
"Chemistry Department, Institute of Forestry and Wood Technology, University of Stellenbosch."
"British Paper and Board Industry Research Association, St. Winifred''s Laboratories, Kenley, Surrey."
t, T&
"Department of Zoology, The University, Glasgow."
"Forest Insect Laboratory, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario."
"Histological Laboratory, The Free University, Amsterdam. Dec. 20."
Present address: University Department of Surgery, The General Infirmary, Leeds 1."
a, Facultad de Agronom&
teborg, Box 33031, S-400 33 G&
I. Medizinische Klinik, Universit&auml
Department of Neurobiology, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, H&
b utca 28, Budapest. Feb. 23."
Department of Physics, East Carolina University, Greenville, North Carolina&
"Service d''Electronique Physique, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Department of Biophysics, &
Commissariat &agrave
 Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
ophysique, Service M&
rich, 8029 Z&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Department of Neurobiology."
Department of Biochemistry, Facult&
"Laboratory of Immunology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and &
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Sheffield 1. Feb. 28."
 Biological Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, and &
 des sciences, Universit&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley Lane, Leeds, 6."
 de Bruxelles. Oct. 18."
"Equine Research Station, Animal Health Trust, Newmarket. Jan 22."
"Chemistry Department, The University, Glasgow, W.2."
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Research Laboratories of Vitamins, Ltd., Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey. Nov. 11."
3231
partement de biochimie et &
rateur Lin&
"The Chester Beatty Research Institute, Fulham Road, London."
"Departments of P&
Present address: Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
bec, Rimouski, Qu&
 Institut Pharmakologie, Freie Universit&auml
Institut G&
"Fysisk Institutt, Universitetet i Oslo.Lab. f. Farbenmetrik, Physikal Institut der Universit&auml
Istituto di Zoologia dell''Universit&agrave
 Dipartimento di Fisica, Universit&agrave
r Geologic, Geochemie und Lagerst&auml
"Biochemical Laboratory, Veterinary College, University of Ghent. Jan. 4."
rate des Antiquit&
"National Institute of Public Health, Budapest.Veterinary Research Institute of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest."
"Laboratory of Anatomical Pathology, University of Brussels, and Centre national de recherches sur la Croissance, Brussels."
School of Oceanography and &
"Radio and Electrical Engineering Division, National Research Council, Ottawa.Food and Drug Laboratories, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa."
Dr Freeman died on November 11, 1970."
"Esta&
Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology and Hospital for Geriatrics, Itabashi-ku, Tokyo&
"I.C.I. Game Services, Game Research Station, Burgate Manor, Fordingbridge, Hampshire. March 26."
Present address: Laboratoire de Chimie Bact&
"Section of Meteorological Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Melbourne. Jan. 5."
stevoldgade 5&
"Chemical Section, Instituto Agron&
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, Rutland Drive, Harrogate. Feb. 26."
"Billerud A.B. Research Laboratory, S&auml
"Department of Immunology, Cancer Institute, Louvain."
r Molekulare Biologic, Universit&auml
moustication du Littoral M&
chtungsforschung, Abteilung Straub, 5 K&
"Greek Atomic Energy Commission, Nuclear Research Centre &
"Zoology Department, Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3."
"Institute of Pharmacology, Medical School, University, Milan."
r Neurobiologie der Kernforschungsanlage, D&
, S. I. Gavrilova&
"University of the Orange Free State, Bloemfontein. Sept. 14."
Fellow of the Max Kade Foundation."
35343
"School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Nov. 24."
pt de Biologie Mol&
"Division of Biological Chemistry, Hahnemann Medical College, Philadelphia. Aug. 26."
nster, Albert Schweitzer Strasse 33, M&
 uuml
"Department of Pure and Applied Physics, University of Salford."
"Surgical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2.Glaxo Research Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex."
 de Picardie."
"Dept. of General Pathology, University of Genoa, Genoa. July 2."
Department of Mathematics, Lanchester College of Technology, Coventry."
 Sections of Plant Biology, &
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
Jointly supported by the U.S. Office of Naval Research and the U.S. National Science Foundation."
"Medical Clinic and Isotopes Laboratory, St. Peter Hospital, University of Brussels. Dec. 18."
"Department of Medical Physics, University, Leeds, 2. Nov. 2."
tallurgiques, Val Beno&
Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974&
"Department of Horticulture, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph."
"Central Veterinary Institute, Rotterdam. Dec. 29."
"Medical Research Council, Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
Visiting scientist from the University of Edinburgh Medical School."
"Post Office Engineering Research Station, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2. Jan. 22."
"Molecular Science Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Searle Research Laboratories, Lane End Road, High Wycombe, Bucks"
 Departments of Biochemistry and Chemistry, and of Chemical Medicine, Rowland Hill Street, London NW3 2PF,UK&
Present address: Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow."
Clinical Research Centre, Harrow, Middlesex&
Clinical Research Centre, Harrow, Middlesex"
lds v&auml
"Department of Cellular Biochemistry, Institut Pasteur
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. June 12."
"Institute of Geological Sciences, Photogeology Unit, 5 Princes Gate, London SW7."
J.H. died on 27 August 1982."
Institut de Physique du Globe, G&
 B. Arveiler &amp
"Institute for Genetics, University of Cologne, Weyertal 121, D-5000 K&
"Institute of Biology, Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, Kawaramachi, Kamikyo-ku, Kyoto."
"Department of Biological Psychiatry and University Psychiatric Clinic, State University, Groningen."
"Department of Plant Physiology, 35 S&
"Institute of Anatomy, University of Uppsala."
"The County Water Softener Co., Ltd., 34 Victoria Street, London, S.W.1. Oct. 22."
Recipient of the Michael Polak scholarship in ophthalmology."
Present address: University of London, King''s College, Department of Biophysics, 26&
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, Hunter Street, London, W.C.1. Jan. 19."
"Department of Cancer Research, Mount Vernon Hospital, and the Radium Institute, Northwood, Middlesex. July 14."
"INSERM U29, H&
"Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12.&
"Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
Laboratory for Astronomy &amp
"Neurobiologie des R&
Division of Molecular Genetics, Department of Pediatrics, and &
Department of Membrane Biophysics, Max&
"Theodor-Boveri-lnstitut f&
"Radio Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Slough."
"Broken Hill Pty. Co., Ltd., Central Research Laboratories, Shortland, 2N, New South Wales."
"National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride, Glasgow"
Theoretical Astrophysics 130&
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
"Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. Feb. 5."
"Institutes of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry, University of Stockholm."
gskolan, Stockholm. Nov. 23."
"Physics Department, Bedford College, University of London, Regent''s Park, London NW1"
Bell Telephone Laboratories, Whippany, New Jersey 07981."
Chester Beatty Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, London"
matology) and Medicine, Postgraduate Medical School of London, W.12. Aug. 15."
ssle-Klinik, Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften, Berlin"
Present address: Centre de Investigaciones Microbiologicas, Universidad de Buenos Aires, Faculdad de Ciencias Exactas y Naturales, Buenos Aires."
r Virologie der Justus Liebig-Universit&auml
"Health Physics and Medical Division,Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
nster."
"Department of Botany, Birkbeck College, University of London, Malet Street, London WC1E 7HX"
a (H), Instituto Nacional de Salud Mental and C&
 Esq., Lisbon&
"Medical Research Council Cyclotron Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London."
"Institute Nacional do Cancer, Pra&
 S.A.)
"Institute of Radiophysics and Electronics, Academy of Science, Ukrainian S.S.R., Kharkov, U.S.S.R."
British Empire Cancer Campaign Research Worker."
Work done while in receipt of a grant from the British Empire Cancer Campaign.&
These authors contributed equally to this work"
"Chemistry Department, William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
Now at CERN."
"Laboratory of Medical Entomology, Kaiser Foundation Research Institute, San Francisco."
"McMath&
"Bland-Sutton Institute of Pathology, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1."
"Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Department of Supply, Melbourne. Aug. 28."
"Aluminium Laboratories Limited, Banbury, Oxon."
Astrophysics andRadiation Measurement Group, NIS-2, Mail StopD436&
"The British Coal Utilization Research Association, Leatherhead. July 14."
"Pharmacological Institute, University, Uppsala. Feb. 24."
"Division of Physics, CSIRO, Sydney."
"Lanchester College of Technology, Coventry."
"Department of Botany, Benares Hindu University, Benares."
School of Physics &amp
Present address: Department of Experimental Neurology, Jan Swammerdam Instituut, Amsterdam."
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. Aug. 17."
Josiah Macy, Foundation Fellow."
"Centro Studi Nucleari Enrico Fermi del Politecnico, Milano."
"Nuclear Engineering Laboratory, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1."
"Ontario Cancer Institute, 500 Sherbourne Street, Toronto."
"Department of Surgery, Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Jan. 7."
"Department of Immunology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
t, Basel.) Feb. 26."
"Institute of Geological Sciences, Ring Road, Halton, Leeds 15."
r Kristallographie, Universit&auml
"The Medical Professorial Unit, Dunn Laboratories, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
Present addresses: Istituto di Geologia e Geofisica, Universit&agrave
"Institute of Biochemistry, Medical University of Budapest and Institute for Measurement and Instrumentation of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Dept. Lab. for Electron Microscopy, Budapest. Jan. 11.&
Senior Post-doctoral Fellow, U.S. National Science Foundation."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Central Veterinary Laboratory, Weybridge. April 2."
phrologique, Pr 5. Hamburger, H&
Nuffield Fellow in Medicine."
"Radiobiological Laboratory, Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Berkshire."
"King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2. Feb. 18."
"National Institute of Biological Standards and Control, Holly Hill, London NW3 6RB"
"Department of Internal Medicine,Department of Clinical Chemistry,Division of Isotope Research, Serafimerlasarettet, Stockholm."
INSERM U155, Epid&
"Seale-Hayne Agricultural College, Newton Abbot, Devon."
"Max-Plank-lnstitutfiir Entwicklungsbiologie, Abteilung III (Genetik), Spemannstrae 35,72076 T&
t, Hamburg. March 17."
r Pharmakologie der Universit&auml
"Medical Research Council Rheumatism Research Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), London Road, Slough. Nov. 19."
"Quantum Metrology Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Thorndike Memorial Laboratory, II &amp
Leverhulme Mental Health Research Fund Fellow. Present address: Psychology Laboratory, Institute of Neurology, The National Hospital, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
Physiologic Cellulaire, Universit&
Urology, and &
Hormone Laboratory, Simpson Memorial Maternity Pavilion, Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh.&
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. Aug. 20."
"Admiralty Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 15."
r Humangenetik and Antropologie, Albert-Ludwigs-Universit&auml
On a study grant from Ain-Shams University, Cairo (present address)."
r Allgemeine Biologie, Universit&auml
"Department of Zoology,Department of Pharmacology, University, Lucknow. May 25."
 di Torino.Istituto di Elettrochimica e Chimica, Fisica del Politecnico di Torino."
"Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Exhibition Road, London."
National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7&
es,Universit&
"Department of Communication, University of Keele, ST5 5BG."
 Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences and&
t Kaiserslautern, Erwin Schr&
"Physical Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. Oct. 29."
"Istituto di Chimica Biologica, Universit&agrave
Supported by a grant from the Office of Naval Research (Contract No. NR165/142)."
 deNeuropsychopharmacologie Exp&
Laboratoire de Physique de la Mati&
Institute for Mathematical and Physical Sciences, Troms&
"Department of Pathology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.Medical Research Council, Blood Group Research Unit, The Lister Institute, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1."
Jerusalem Mental Health Center&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Nagpur, and Institute of Human Physiology, University of Genoa. Nov. 17."
"National Agricultural Advisory Service (Wales), 66 Ty Glas Road, Cardiff."
"Chemistry Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. Dec. 27."
 Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, &
"Department of Pharmaceutics, The School of Pharmacy, University of London, Brunswick Square, London WC1."
Department of Immunology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, 40&
"Physiology Department, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Cairo."
"Faculty of Medicine, Farouk I University, Alexandria. July 17."
t Freiburg."
aires de Saclay, BP No. 2, 91-Gif-sur-Yvette"
"Genetics Section and &
"Department of Biochemistry and Agricultural Biochemistry, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, The Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1. Aug. 13.&
"Department of Biochemistry and Agricultural Biochemistry, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Vision Research Unit, Institute of Ophthalmology, (University of London), Judd Street, London, W.C.1. Nov. 10."
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Aberystwyth. July 29."
"Department of General Microbiology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JG."
"Biology Laboratory, Biaystok Medical Academy, Biaystok."
"Permanent Magnet Association, Central Research Laboratory, 84 Brown Street, Sheffield S1 1FA"
s L&
Deceased 22 June 1983."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey"
 Grenoble High Magnetic Field Laboratory, Max Planck Institut f&
"Blood Group Reference Laboratory, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, S.W.1, and Department of Clinical Pathology, Royal Marsden Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
r Pathologie/Tumorimmunologie, Universit&auml
"Laboratory of Tumor Virus Biology&
"Department of General and Animal Physiology, University of S&
"Department of Chemistry and Food Technology, Borough Polytechnic, London, S.E.1."
"Laboratory of Cellular Radiobiology, Institute &
"Engineering Laboratories, Snowy Mountains Hydro-electric Authority, P.O. Box 332, Cooma North, New South Wales."
Scarborough Campus and &
 Pediatrics, &
"Instituto de Medicina Experimental &
Present address: Schering Corp. (Virology), 86 Orange Street, Bloomfield, New Jersey 07003."
"Departments of Physiology and Pharmacology, University of Sheffield."
"William Ramsey and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London.&
"Laboratoire de Physique Nucl&
.University of St. Andrews&
"Institute Agron&
, Roma."
"Department of Chemistry, The City University, St John Street, London EC1."
"Bacteriological Laboratory, Central Leather Research Institute, Madras 20."
"Lund Institute of Technology, Lund."
"Se&
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1. June 12."
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Fuel Technology, Sheffield University&
"Copenhagen University Institute of Forensic Medicine, Serological Department, Frederik 5. vej 9, Copenhagen."
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks."
NASA&
partment d''oc&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 11."
"Biology Department, Wool Industries Research Association, Headingley, Leeds, 6."
dicale, Unit&
"Division of Optical Metrology, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex"
"Nuclear Technology Laboratory, Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"67 Burton Court, London, S.W.3."
 Pathology, and &
"Jan Bloemendal&
"Rubber Research Institute of Ceylon, Dartonfield, Agalawatta, Ceylon."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Nov. 7."
"Animal Science Department, South Dakota State University, Brookings, South Dakota.&
"Institute for &
"Bureau of Mineral Resources, Department of National Development, Turner, Canberra."
"Veterinary and Medical Entomology Unit, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. May 6."
"Department of Applied Chemistry, Faculty of Engineering, University of Tokyo."
"Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, Piazza Gorini 22, Milano, and Laboratori Ricerche Microbiologia e Chemioterapia, &
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Max-Planck Institute for Brain Research."
U.S. National Science Foundation Undergraduate Research Participant."
"Medical Research Council Laboratories, Toxicology Research Unit, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
 Institute of Medical Psychology andBehavioural Neurobiology, University of T&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Physiology, Pastoral Research Laboratory, Armidale, New South Wales."
"Nature Conservancy, 19 Belgrave Square, London, S.W.1."
"473 A Burton Road, Gedling, Nottingham"
"Departement de M&
Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey&
"Regional Physics Department, Western Regional Hospital Board, 9&
tique et Am&
"Centredes Faibles Radioactivit&
nchen (M&
"West African Cacao Research Institute, Tafo, Gold Coast. April 16."
"Biology Branch, Chalk River Nuclear Laboratories, Chalk River, Ontario."
Department of Human Genetics and Biometry, University College, London&
 di Roma &
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Heavy Organic Chemicals Division, Research Department, Billingham, Co. Durham."
bingen, Corrensstr.41, D-74 T&
U.S. Public Health Service Senior Research Fellow.&
"Royal Edward Chest Hospital, Montreal."
"The Research Association of British Flour-Millers, Cereals Research Station, St. Albans, Herts."
"Department of Physiology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. March 20."
"Biology Department, Wool Industries Research Association, Leeds. Feb. 23."
Research Assistant supported by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission."
Microbiology, and &
"Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Food Investigation Organization, Torry Research Station, Aberdeen, Jan. 7."
"Medical Research Council, Mutagenesis Research Unit, West Mains Road, Edinburgh."
dicale, D&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"St George''s Hospital Medical School, London SW1."
"Levington Research Station, Ipswich."
"Queen Mary''s Hospital for Children and the Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton."
me. Place du Docteur Fournier"
"Chemical Research Department, Research Division, Pfizer Limited, Sandwich, Kent."
"Chemical Department, Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen. April 29.&
Owens&
r Biologie, Corrensstrasse 38, 7400 T&
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. July 10."
"Division of Biology 156&
 Division of Intramural Research, NIDDK, &
res, Universit&
"Curriculum in Genetics and Department of Zoology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"Department of Physics, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute"
 Present address: Sheep Biology Laboratory, P.O. Box 144, Parramatta, N.S.W."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, The University, Glasgow, W.2. Sept. 17."
"Admiralty Signal and Radar Establishment, Portsdown, Cosham, Portsmouth, Hants. June 13."
"Department of Psychology and &
"Atlantic Oceanographic Laboratory, Bedford Institute of Oceanography, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia"
"East Africa Institute of Malaria and Vector Borne Diseases, Amani, Tanganyika. Nov. 3."
"Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Sussex. Aug. 1."
Laboratory of Biochemistry, and &
"Insitut f&
Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research, Lausanne&
"Chemistry Department, Marischal College, Aberdeen. May 16."
"Department of Animal Breeding, Agricultural College, Cracow."
Zo&
 des Sciences d''Orsay."
"Department of Zoology, University, Glasgow. Sept. 30."
193 Euston Road, London, N.W.1. Oct. 19."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. March 1."
Dana Farber Cancer Insitute, and the Departments of&
"Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College, London, E.1.Mond Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Cheshire."
"Bakteriologisches Institut der S&
"Laboratory for Cell Physiology, Faculdade de Medicina, Universidade de S&
 libre de Bruxelles, Bruxelles.&
Laboratoire de Neurobiologie, Ecole Normale Sup&
"Department of Oral Pathology, Dental School, London Hospital Medical College, London E1."
ologic Structural, Universit&
"Ditton Laboratory, Agricultural Research Council, Larkfield, Maidstone."
"Tennent Institute of Ophthalmology, University of Glasgow."
"Industrial Diamond Information Bureau, London, E.C.1. Feb. 8."
"Peptide Biology Laboratory, and &
r Radioastronomie, 5300 Bonn 1, Auf dem H&
"Department of Immunochemistry and Radioisotopes, Tuberculosis Research Institute, Sos. Viilor 90, Bucharest&
"Wigan and District Mining and Technical College. Dec. 16."
 Department of Medical Microbiology, University of Lund, S&
Institut de Recherches en Biologie Mol&
"Department of Biology and Geology, Norwood Technical College, Knight''s Hill, London, S.E.27."
"III. Physikalisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Psychology Department, West Ham College of Technology, London."
6480
"Soil and Land Use Section, Regional Research Centre, University of the West Indies, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, St. Augustine, Trinidad."
"University Departments of Surgery and Pathology, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow."
Department of Social and Occupational Medicine&
Present address: University Department of Psychiatry, Royal Edinburgh Hospital, Morningside Park, Edinburgh."
"Department of Physiology, University College,Visual Research Division, M.R.C. Ophthalmological Research Unit, Institute of Ophthalmology, London, W.C.1."
Schering AG, 1 Berlin"
"Inorganic Chemistry Research Laboratories, Imperial College, London SW7.&
ge,22 Quai Van Beneden, 4020 Li&
Department of Neuroscience,and&
"Division of Oncology. Chicago Medical School, Chicago 12."
"Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College, London, W.8.&
"Medical Research Council Air Pollution Research Unit, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1.National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
vision, Ionosph&
Neurology &amp
"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Laboratoire d''Embryologie Exp&
"Research Department, Biochemistry Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Island Street, Nottingham. Dec. 21.&
)
"Department of Veterinary Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh, Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, Edinburgh, 9.&
"Fish Culture Research Station, Batu Berendam, Malacca, Malaya. Feb. 6."
Institute of Physiology, University of T&
"Brain Research Institute, University of Z&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. July 15."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, London, S.W.3."
"Departments ofPediatrics&
x0016F
x00161
x00160
Aerospace Research Laboratories, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base"
x00165
n, Cas : 44, Concepci&
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough, Bucks.Natural History Department, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee. Feb. 28."
"Earthquake Research Institute, University of Tokyo."
"School of Mining and Metallurgy, Institute of Materials Science, Krak&
Program for Climate Model Diagnosis and Intelcomparison, &
 F&
"Department of Pharmacology, University College, London, W.C.1. Sept. 20."
Department of Immunology, Scripps Clinic &amp
micas, Madrid. April 22."
"Pharmacology Department, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2."
On leave of absence at Harvard College Observatory."
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Johannes Gutenberg University, Mainz."
partement de Biochimie et Centre de Recherches Math&
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds 2. May 19."
"Birkbeck College, University of London. Nov. 24."
"Department of Cell Biology, &
"Stanley Medical College, Madras"
"Analytical Chemistry Branch, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
tiquehumaine, H&
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston."
"Departments of Biochemistry, &
"2 Nailbourne Close, Kingston, Canterbury."
 d''Immunodiff&
"Department of Radiobiology, Cancer Institute, University of Louvain."
"Department of Botany, Imperial College of Science and Technology, University of London."
"The Borough Polytechnic, London, S.E.1."
"Haffkine Institute, Bombay, 12."
"Organon Laboratories, Ltd., Newhouse, Lanarkshire.Department of Pathology, University of Edinburgh.Department of Pathology (Royal Infirmary), University of Glasgow. June 18."
"Agricultural Research Council, Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berkshire"
Present address : Department of Physics and Mathematics, College of Technology, Portsmouth.&
tudes Nordiques, Universite Laval, Sainte-Foy, Qu&
"Department of Botany (Microbiology), University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
r Allgemeine Zoologie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Department of Pharmacology, Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, Edinburgh.Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh. Feb. 11."
Geochemical Division, Institute of Geological Sciences, 64&
 Dipartimento diScienze Fisiologiche, Universit&agrave
6309
"Service de Chimie appliqu&
sterreichischen Universit&auml
"Institute of Genetics, University of Stockholm."
"Medical Unit, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
nster, Kardinal-von-Galen-Ring 10, D-48129 M&
"Savannah River Laboratory, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Aiken, South Carolina 29801."
Department d''Hematologie, H&
"National Research Council Prairie Regional Laboratory, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. June 14."
"Leather Industries Research Institute, Rhodes University, Grahamstown. Nov. 6."
"Nutrition Research Laboratory, Veterinary Research Station, Glenfield, N.S.W. Jan. 19."
Department of Environmental Sciences University of Tel-Aviv Ramat Aviv&
"Libbey&
re de l''Energie et des Ressources du Qu&
"Blood Groups and Transfusion Department, University of Li&
Present address: Department of Zoology, University College, London."
"Research Institute of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. May 31."
tique Physiologique, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Gif-sur-Yvette (Essonne), and Centre de Recherches sur les Macromol&
Space Science Division, NASA&
"Department of Oral Pathology, Dental Institute, The London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, E.1."
"Central Bacteriological Laboratory of Stockholm City, Stockholm. March 20."
"Zoology Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. Dec. 3."
"INSERM U 25, Clinique N&
"85 Hampden Way, London, N.14.&
"Department of Genetics, University, Glasgow. Dec. 3."
Gassiot Fellow in Seismology."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. March 19."
sica del M&
"Geology Department, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales"
 Department of Physics,&
"Department of Geology, University of Stockholm."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Oct 29."
"Institute of Biological Chemistry, Via Costantinopoli 16, University of Naples.&
"Groupe de Recherche de G&
"Plastics Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn Garden City, Herts. Sept. 7."
"Department of Genetics, Children''s Hospital, University of Basle, 4000 Basle"
"Laboratoire de Neurobiologie, Ecole Normale Superi&
Present address: Lyons Laboratories, Hammersmith Road, London, W.14."
r Zellphysiologie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Jute Agricultural Research Institute, Barrackpore, West Bengal."
 and Departments ofPhysiology&
"Laboratoire d''lmmunologie et d''Oncologie des Maladies R&
Harvard Center for the Study of Kidney Disease, Harvard Medical School and Laboratory of Molecular Physiology and Biophysics, Renal Division, Department of Medicine, Brigham &amp
"Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Clinical Research Unit for Multiple Sclerosis, Hermann- and Lilly-Schilling Foundation, Box 6120, D-8700 W&
"Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Cleeve Road, Leatherhead, Surrey.Department of Chemistry, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow, C.1."
 Immunology, &
nica de la Concepci&
The National Gallery, Trafalgar Square, London WC2"
Institute of Biochemistry, Semmelweis University Medical School&
"University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff."
"INRS-Eau, 2700 Einstein, Ste-Foy, Qu&
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset. June 12."
"Clinique Ophtalmologique and Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
, 950 East 59th Street, Chicago 37.&
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Institute of Rural Science, Aberystwyth."
Osaka City Institute of Public Health and Environmental Sciences, 8&
"University Biochemical Laboratory, Madras, 25.&
r Biologische Kybernetik, Spemannstrasse 38, 74 T&
"Laboratory of Physical Chemistry, Technical University, Delft. July 20."
Laboratory of Genetics, &
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh. March 7."
"Baas Becking Geobiological Laboratory, Bureau of Mineral Resources, Canberra.&
"Department of Chemical Pathology,Department of Morbid Anatomy, Institute of Child Health, Guilford Street, London WC1."
"National Cancer Center, Research Institute, Tsukiji, Tokyo"
"Geology Department, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.Geology Department, Birkbeck College, London."
To whom correspondence should be addressed.   "
"Departamento de Citog&
nieurs en G&
Special fellowship of the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness, U.S. Public Health Service."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Department of Neuroscience."
"Department of Textile Industries, The University, Leeds 2. Oct. 2."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London.Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. April 27."
Institute of Anatomy, University of Z&
"Hamburger Sternwarte, Hamburg-Bergedorf. Sept. 22."
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and Departments of Biochemistry &amp
culaire et Structurale, B.R.C.E.-C.S. and Unit&
Department ofZoology and &
"Biology Division, Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Bombay."
Transplantation Labor&
"Department of Anatomy, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London.MRC Rheumatism Research Unit, Taplow, Berkshire."
"Department of Chemistry, Memorial University, St. John''s, Newfoundland."
Present address: Dental Department, Univesity College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Geology, Andhra University, Waltair."
t, Freiburg im Breisgau."
"Department of Surgical Science, University New Buildings, Teviot Place, Edinburgh."
Departament de F&
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Ceylon. Oct. 2."
"Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Rahway, New Jersey"
"Department of Clinical Chemistry, Malm&
x0003E
ologie Dynamique, Universit&
"Chemical Defence Experimental Establishment. Sept. 23."
Visiting assistant professor, Geophysical Institute, Karl Marx University, Leipzig."
bec"
Department of Astronomy, &
"Institute of High Molecular Weight Compounds, 2d Birjevoy, 6, Leningrad."
"Department of Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital, London."
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent."
Max-Planck-Institutf&
"Zoologisches Institut, Gottingen."
a, Vel&
Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service (National Cancer Institute)."
kologie der Universit&auml
"Department of Physics, University of Wales, Aberystwyth."
Predoctoral trainee of the Public Health Service.&
91128 Palaiseau C&
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, N.W.7.&
 Respiratory Medicine, and Departments of Biochemistry, Biophysics, Genetics&
"Service de Physique du Solide et de R&
"Statens Husdjursf&
gskolan, Stockholm. Aug. 10."
"Department of Physics, University of Stockholm. April 2."
 Museo Paleontol&
skyl&auml
 Institute for Immunology,&
r Psychiatrie, Kraepelinstrasse 10, D-8000 M&
"Laboratory of Organic Chemistry, Technical University of Athens."
ographique National, Saint Mand&
r Genetik und Mikrobiologie, Maria Ward Strasse 1A, D-8000 M&
"Research Institute of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 10."
 Research Division, Joslin Diabetes Center, and &
"Departments of Physiology and Pathology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire."
"Department of Microbiology and Public Health, Chicago Medical School, Chicago, 12."
"Unit on Developmental Biology, Laboratory of Cell Biology, &
 Service d''endocrinologie, H&
Present address: Rolls-Royce, Ltd., Old Hall, Littleover, Derby."
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. Sept. 12."
bec."
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics and &
Department of Archaeology&
a and &
"Department of Pathology, University of Edinburgh."
r Meereskunde an der Universit&auml
, Parkgate Crescent, Hadley Wood, Barnet, Herts. Feb. 18."
62, Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1."
 ICI Chemicals and Polymers, R &amp
Department of Carcinogenesis and Cancer Susceptibility, Institute of Medical Science, University of Tokyo, Shirokanedai, Minatoku, Tokyo 108&
res, BP6009, 45018 Orl&
r Physik, Universit&auml
"University College, London, W.C.1. May 12."
tsklinik, T&
r Organische Chemie, University of T&
On leave, 1957&
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Aberystwyth. Sept. 5."
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest. Feb. 28."
Present address: Institute of Immunology &amp
"Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, Ottawa, Ontario."
"Department of Botany, University College, London, W.C.1. Feb. 22."
Department of Biochemistry, Royal Dental School of London, London WC2"
"Department of Pharmacology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, University of London. July 1."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Uppsala"
40&
"Hartley Botanical Laboratories, The University, Liverpool 3."
"Department of Geology, University of Ibadan, Ibadan."
n Nacional de Energ&
Psychiatry and &
Present address: W. K. Kellogg Radiation Laboratory 106&
r Klinische Endokrinologie, I. Medizinische Klinik der J. W. Goethe Universit&auml
"Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London E1."
Ruhr-Universit&auml
"University of Sheffield Virus Research Laboratory, Lodge Moor Hospital, Sheffield."
Dudley Observatory"
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi. April 20."
Department of Physics&
Physikalisches Institut der Universit&auml
&auml
FB Geowissenschaften, Universit&auml
"Department of Pathology and the Cardeza Foundation, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia, Penn."
"Pharmaco-industrial Research Institute, Budapest. Sept. 13."
culaire de la R&
Present address: Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories of the Central Electricity Generating Board, Gloucestershire.&
"Centre D&
"Chemical Laboratory, Faculty of Science, Tokyo University, Hongo, Tokyo. Feb. 27."
"Physiology Department, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1.&
"Medical Research Council, Clinical Effects of Radiation Research Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh, 4.State Hospital, Carstairs."
al et D&
"Institute for Genetics, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest."
Fachbereich Biologie, Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Univesitat, Frankfurt am Main, DDR&
"Institut d''Immuno-Biologie de l''INSERM et de l''Association Claude-Bernard, H&
Horticultural Research Institute, Knox&
Department of Energy Plant Research Laboratory, and Departments of &
"225 London Road, Northwich"
"Research Institute for Scientific Measurements, T&
 Surgery, &
Geophysics and Planetary Physics and &
"Geophysical Institute, L. E&
"Electronics Division, Post Office Research Station, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2. Dec. 14."
"Department of Pathological Physiology, Kuban Medical Institute, Krasnodar, U.S.S.R."
xico 17, D.F."
Wistar Institute,&
"Westfield College, University of London, Department of Chemistry, London NW3"
 Max-Planck Institute for Psychiatry, Am Klopferspitz ISA,82152 M&
r Phytopathologie, Justus Liebig-Unversit&auml
dics (British Postgraduate Medical Federation), Stanmore, Middlesex."
"Physics Department, Sheffield National Centre for Radiotherapy.Pathology Department, Royal Infirmary, Doncaster."
"Academic Unit in Neurology, Institute of Neurology, London, W.C.1, England. April 28."
"Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1."
"Istituto di Zoologia e di Anatomia comparata, Universit&agrave
culaire Universit&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee, Angus."
 and Chemistry&
"Tissue Typing Laboratory, Rikshospitalet University Hospital, Oslo 1"
"Histological Laboratory, Free University, Amsterdam."
"Diamond Research Laboratory, Johannesburg. Nov. 1."
"Istituto di Chimica Analitica del'' Universit&agrave
"Department of Animal Reproduction, College of Agriculture and Veterinary Medicine, Nihon University, Shimouma 3-chome, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 154"
"Institute of Medical Pathology, II Faculty of Medicine and Surgery, University of Naples, Naples"
"Departments of Structural Chemistry&
r Biochemie, 8033 Martinsreid, M&
Deceased March 3, 1970."
Institute for Virus Research and &
"35 Kendal Street, London, W.2. Sept. 1."
"Department of Physics and Biophysics, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury,Berkshire."
"Laboratoire de Chimie Biologique, Universit&
Fellow, John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, 1966."
"Geophysical Institute, University of Tokyo. Dec. 1."
"Botany Department, Auckland University College, Auckland, C.1. July 24."
"Physics Department, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2. Dec. 11."
"Hartley Botanical Laboratories, University, Liverpool. April 21."
"Institute of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Buenos Aires. June 18."
r Kernchemie Eduard-Zintl-Institut f&
"Institute of Industrial Hygiene, Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts, Zagreb. March 17."
"Game Research Association, Fordingbridge, Hampshire."
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Mathematical Statistics, North Hyde.N.S.W. Department of Agriculture, North Ryde, New South Wales."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Division of Animal Physiology, Ian Clunies Ross Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales."
 McGill Cancer Centre and &
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Oct. 7."
"Department of Chemical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
r Virologie, Justus Liebig-Universit&auml
"Beckman Laboratories of Behavioral Biology
"INSERM&
"Charing Cross Hospital, London, W.C.2."
"Medical Research Council Unit for Research in Cell Metabolism, Department of Biochemistry, University, Sheffield.Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University, Sheffield. Nov. 15.&
Clinical Endocrinology Branch, National Institute of Arthritis, Metabolism and Digestive Diseases&
National Science Foundation Undergraduate Research Participation Programme."
"The Research Association of British Flour Millers, Cereals Research Station, Old London Road, St. Albans, Herts. May 22."
matology Research Unit, Wright-Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital, W.2."
"Tsetse and Trypanosomiasis Control Branch, Department of Veterinary Services, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Institute of Biochemistry, Uppsala. June 21."
Present address: Dominion Observatories Branch."
To whom correspondence should be addressed
Institute of Experimental Immunology University of Z&
r Okologische Chemie der Gesellschaft f&
AB H&auml
 Department of Anatomy, &
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London WC1."
Institute of Plant Development,&
"Wilmer Institute, The Johns Hopkins Hospital and University, Baltimore, Md. April 20."
 Department of Physics, E&
 Therapeutic Radiology, &
"University of Sheffield, Cancer Research Unit, Blackbrook Road, Sheffield."
"Earth Physics Branch, Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, Ottawa, K1A 0E4"
"Department of Haematology, Louis Jenner Laboratories, St. Thomas''s Hospital, London."
"Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut and &
"Institute of Pathological Physiology, Medical School, and Microbiological Institute, School of Pharmacy, University of Belgrade."
"Cattedra di Patologia Generale della Facolt&agrave
"Research Association of British Flour Millers, Cereals Research Station, Old London Road, St. Albans, Herts. Nov. 9."
Division of Radiophysics, CSIRO, Sydney&
"Max Volmer Institut, Abteilung Biochemie, Technische Universit&auml
"Ditton Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Larkfield, Maidstone."
"Heinrich-Pette-Institut f&
"MRC Laboratory Animals Centre, Carshalton, Surrey."
"MRC Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
"Institutes of Biochemistry and Physical Chemistry, Uppsala. Jan. 18."
tsklinik, K&
"Battelle&
"Department of Chemical Crystallography, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.&
"University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. May 9."
"Department of Clinical Chemistry, Royal Infirmary, Aberdeen. Nov. 3."
Department of Medicine, T&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3, and Imperial College of Science and Technology, Chemistry Department, London, S.W.7. Sept. 9."
"University Observatory &
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London, W.C.1. March 30."
57. Permanent address: Istituto Anatomia Comparata, Palermo."
"Division of Radiophysics, C.S.I.R.O., University Grounds, Sydney."
"Istituto di Fisiologia, Universit&agrave
 Deceased"
rperphysik, Eidgen&
"Department of Paediatrics, State University, Groningen."
Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd, and &
"Agricultural Research Council, Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, and Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, University of London."
Research Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas of the Argentine. Present address: Instituto de Investigaciones Medicas, Calle Donato Alvarez 3,000, Buenos Aires, Argentine."
Present address: Rheumatology Department, University Hospital, Lund."
Central Institute of Molecular Biology, Academy of Sciences of GDR, 1115 Berlin-Buch, Robert-Roessle Str. 10, DDR&
"Department of Zoology, University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg. Feb. 5.&
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, and the Physiology Department, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. Dec. 19."
Senior Wellcome Research Fellow."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Salford."
 Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School&
r Anthropologie der Universit&auml
"Medical Division, Oak Ridge Institute of Nuclear Studies&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Billingham, Co. Durham. Oct. 20."
"Laboratoire d''Immunoh&
Department of Electrical Engineering, &
rio de Ecologia Qu&
De Uithof&
"Zoology Department, Queen Mary College, London, E.1. March 3."
"Department of Chemistry, University, Nottingham. Nov. 14."
"College of Science, Benares Hindu University. Dec. 17."
Merck Senior Postdoctoral Fellow, U.S. National Academy of Sciences.&
Service Central d''Immunologie et Hematologie, H&
"Department of Medical Chemistry, Darbhanga Medical College, Laherisarai, Bihar. June 17."
British Empire Cancer Campaign Research Fellow."
"Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcestershire."
"Medical Physics Department, Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12.&
"Research Institute of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. May 1."
"Tate and Lyle Research Laboratories, Westerham Road, Keston, Kent."
Lehrstuhl Experimentalphysik II, Universit&auml
 Agrobiological Laboratory, ''s Graveland."
"Institute of Plant Industry, Indore, M.B. April 6."
sica de la Materia Condensada and Instituto de Ciencia de Materiales de Arag&
"Biochemistry Department, University, Liverpool 3. April 2."
"URA 31 associ&
"Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
"Fats Research Laboratory, Dept. of Scientific and Industrial Research, Wellington, N.Z. Dec. 9."
"Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge. April 10."
gicas and Laboratorio de Fisiolog&
"Department of Organic Chemistry, University of Lund. March 14."
"Chemical Laboratory, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen."
"University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1.Wellcome Veterinary Research Station, Frant, Tunbridge Wells."
ICI Fibres Ltd, Harrogate, Yorkshire.&
Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences and &
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh."
 Max-Planck-Institutf&
Present address: Abteilung Strahlenchemie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
Genetics trainee.&
"Department of Veterinary Reproduction, University of Glasgow.&
"Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen. Oct. 5."
tique, Institut Biom&
 Department of Biology, Center for Cancer Research, and &
8639
"Department of Immunohaematology and Blood Bank, and &
rale, Institut Agronomique de l''Universit&
Permanent address: Medical Research Council, Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London."
"Division of Neurosurgery, Montreal General Hospital &amp
ral Leclerc, 35042&
"Department of Plant Physiology, University of &
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire"
999&
"Institute Astron&
"University Institute for Medical Genetics, Uppsala."
 IPCMS, Groupe d''Optique Nonlin&
al, Qu&
"Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3."
"Directorate of Fisheries, Institute of Marine Research, Bergen. June 3."
partement d'' Astronomie solaire et plan&
"Department of Biological Chemistry, University, Aberdeen. March 20."
"Department of Pharmacology, Pfizer Ltd., Sandwich, Kent."
"Materials Department, Research and Development Division, Cement and Concrete Association, Wexham Springs, Stoke Poges, Slough."
"Anatomy Department, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Sept. 27."
orique de I''Ecole Normale Sup&
"Department of Plant Sciences, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario N6A3K7"
Present address: Pharmaceuticals Division, ICI, Alderley Edge, Cheshire.&
"Laboratoire de Tectonophysique, Universit&
"Mampong-Akwapim, Gold Coast, and Pharmacological Laboratories, School of Pharmacy, Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Jan. 19."
Present address: Department of Pharmacology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
To whom reprint requests should be addressed (Department of Genetics)."
"Medical Research Council, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berks."
"Physikalisch-Chemisches Institut, The University, Sophienstrasse 11, 8 Munich 2."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Medical College, University of London. Dec. 21."
GM&
"Stiftelsen Svensk Detonikforskning, Vinterviken, Stockholm SV."
riologie et d''Immunologie G&
re Condens&
"Departamento de Anatom&
"Protozoan Genetics Unit, Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh."
"Bee Research Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. July 19."
Department of Health &amp
European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
Nature Conservancy, Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdon"
Laboratory of Immunogenetics, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and &
cology, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, and Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen."
r physikalische Chemie, Technische Hochschule f&
"Department of Chemistry, University College, Cork. March 2."
 Pathology, &
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, University of Tokyo."
"Neurological Clinic, University of W&
"Department of Mining, The University, Leeds 2."
zquez 138, Madrid, 6."
"Wantage Research Laboratories, Wantage, Berks.Carnation Nurseries, Henfield, Sussex."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Division of Plant Industry, Canberra."
ne, 30205 Bagnols-sur-C&
"Blood Bank and Blood Grouping Laboratory, &
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Research Department, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
Department of Geology and Geophysics
Department of Bacteriology, Wright&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks. April 13."
"MRC Cardiovascular Research Unit, Department of Medicine, Hammersmith Hospital, London W12."
"Department of Biochemistry, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Cytology Department of Radiumhemmet, Institute of Radiopathology, Stockholm 60."
"Biokemiska Institutionen, Uppsala. June 8."
"International Centre of Insect Physiology and Ecology, P.O. Box 30772, Nairobi"
"Chemical Research Laboratory, The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
t Gottingen, 34 G&
Present address: Institute of Clinical Pathology and Medical Research, P.O. Box 108, Lidcombe, New South Wales."
Department of Biochemistry, Toyama Medical and Pharmaceutical University School of Medicine, Toyama 930&
Department of Molecular Microbiology, Box 8230 and &
Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Clinical Research Institute of Montreal."
"Physikalisches Institut, Friedrich-Schiller-Universit&
t Regensburg, Franz-Josef&
"Department of Coal Gas and Fuel Industries with Metallurgy, University, Leeds 2. March 25.&
"Laboratoire de Physique de l''&
tique de L''INSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Zoology Department, Allahabad University, Allahabad. May 16."
3337
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, S.A. Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria. Aug. 22."
"Ditton Laboratory, Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Larkfield, Maidstone, Kent. Jan. 15."
Lister Research Unit, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, SW1."
Lister Research Unit, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, SW1.&
"South Warwickshire Hospital Group (No. 14), Group Pathological Laboratory, Lakin Road, Warwick. June 4."
National Cancer Center Research Institute, Tokyo"
"South London Transfusion Centre, Sutton, Surrey."
Centre de Recherches sur la G&
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, Ministry of Overseas Development, London."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne, C.1. March 14."
Present address: Max-Planck-Gesellschaft Klinische Forschungsgruppe f&
Institut d''&
"Institute of Mineralogy, Petrology &amp
dical des Cordeliers, Universit&
"Lubrication Division, Mechanical Engineering Research Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Thorntonhall, Nr. Glasgow."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cardiff CF1 XL"
r Physikalische Chemie,&
ntgenring 11, 8700 W&
"Institut de Chimie biologique, et Institut de Biologie Bact&
"Baker Medical Research Institute, Melbourne."
Department of Chemical Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School London, S.E.1.&
CERMO, BP 53X, F-38041, Grenoble C&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield."
 Department of Biochemistry, and &
"Istituto di Chimica Biologica e di Biochimica Applicata, Universit&agrave
"Department of Embryology,Department of Histology, University of Brussels. Jan. 26."
Royal Greenwich Observatory, Hailsham, Sussex, England&
, Naples. April 1."
Institute di Astronomia, Universit&agrave
"Agricultural Research Council Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College, Near Ashford, Kent."
"Department of Arch&
Dipartimento di Psicologia, Universit&agrave
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of St. Andrews Medical School, Queen''s College, Dundee. May 4."
"Glaxo Laboratories Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex. June 9."
"Geophysics Division, DSIR, Wellington"
 Libre de Bruxelles, Facult&
Institute of Experimental Physics, J&
MRC Neuropsychiatry Unit, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey&
Institut de Pathologie Cellulaire (INSERM, unit&
"BP Research Centre, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Sept. 25."
 Roure, 13009 Marseille&
r Biologie, Abt. Beermann, Spemannstr. 34, T&
Alonso Barba&
"Laboratories of Biochemistry, University of Li&
"Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College, University of London, E.1. June 19."
 Laboratoire G&
Present address: &
29 Drury Lane, London, W.C.2."
 Cognitive Neuroscience Laboratory, Department of Neurology, University of T&
Research Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service.&
Research Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service."
Geologiska Institutionen, Stockholms Universitet&
Department of Biology and McCollum-Pratt Institute and&
"Department of Biophysics, King''s College, London."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA"
"The Perkin-Elmer Corporation, Norwalk, Conn."
"Department of Biochemistry, Tottori University School of Medicine, Yonago.Zoological Institute, Tokyo University of Education, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo.&
 These authors contributedequally to this work."
"Cellular Biochemistry and Biophysics Program and Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and &
"MRC External Scientific Staff, 14 Welbeck Street, London, W.1."
r Experimentelle Biologie und Medizine, Borstel, Deutschland."
"Zoology Department, Birkbeck College, University of London."
"Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro.&
 Laboratory of Immunology, NationalInstitute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, &
Neuropharmacology and&
"Jodrell Bank Experimental Station, Lower Withington, Cheshire. March 16."
r Pharmakologie, Freie Universit&auml
hmung und der Multiplen Sklerose, Universit&auml
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh. March 27."
"Physikalisches Institut, Universit&auml
 Laboratoire de Neurobiologie cellulaire et  mol&
r Mathematik, Universit&auml
 Dana&
884)."
"Department of Physiology, and Schlesinger Organization Medical Research Unit, Medical School, University of Natal, Durban. Jan. 21."
"Department of Metallurgy, Imperial College, London, S.W.7.&
"Institute of Zoophysiology, University of Uppsala. Sept. 8."
r Limnologie, Abteilung &
"Instituto Anatomo-Patol&
"Marine Laboratory, Wood Street, Torry, Aberdeen."
Pathology, and &
ssische Technische Hochschule-H&
Department of Organic Chemistry, Research and Development Laboratories,, Astra L&auml
"The International Rice Research Institute, Los Ba&
National Astronomical Observatory, 2&
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay, Bombay 19.&
 Department of Physics, &
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. Dec. 18."
aire, Institut de Physique Nucl&
rzburg, Versbacher Landstrasse 7, 8700 W&
"Textile Physics Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, The University, Leeds 2."
"Isotope Laboratory, Hahnemann Medical College and Hospital, Philadelphia 2, Pa. July 12."
"Department of Pharmacology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Dec. 30."
"East Malling Research Station, Maidstone, Kent. Dec. 1."
"Physiological Department, Institute of Human Nutrition, Bud&
"C.S.I.R.O. Radiophysics Laboratory, Sydney."
National Swedish Environment Protection Board, Special Analytical Laboratory&
"Soil Survey and Research Department, Regional Research Centre, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 10."
Department of Pharmacology, University of G&
"Institute of Biochemistry and Department of Pediatrics, University of Naples."
e aux Sciences de la Terre, Universit&
"Dept. of Pathology (H&
"National Institute of Radiological Sciences, Chemistry Division, 2&
"Department of Zoology, The University, Lucknow. Oct. 10."
"M.R.C. Blood Transfusion Research Unit, Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12.Department of Pathology (H&
"Heiligenberg-Institut, Heiligenberg/Baden and Radiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
These authors contributed equally to            this work."
osciences de I''Environnement, Universit&
Geologisches Institut, Olshausenstrasse 40&
"University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota, Gold Coast. Dec. 12."
"Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh, and Medical Research Council Research Group on Clinical and Experimental Problems of Transplantation."
r Biologie, Abteilung Immungenetik, Corrensstrasse 42, 7400 T&
Present address: The Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110."
"Department of Botany, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Oct. 10."
r Bodenkunde, Technische Universit&auml
"Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. July 10."
"Paleozoologiska avdelningen, Naturhistoriska Riksmuseet, Stockholm."
um, London, S.W.1."
"50 Wensleydale Road, Hampton, Middlesex. Oct. 4."
ria krt. 114, Budapest, 14."
sur&
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow."
"Physics Department, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. Feb. 23."
"Department of Botany, The University, Nottingham. Aug. 31.&
 Libre de Bruxelles. June 10."
"Physiological Institute, University of Lund. June 6."
 Soci&
partment de Radiobiologie, Centre d''Etude de I''Energie Nucl&
"University College, London. May 13."
"Department of Bacteriology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12. April 19."
 MRC Cyclotron Unit,  &
r Hygiene und Medizinische Mikrobiologie, Freie Universit&auml
"Department of Immunohaematology, University Hospital, Leyden."
decine, 78 rue du G&
INSERM U 91, H&
"Tissue and Organ Culture Unit and Division of Experimental Biology and Virology, Imperial Cancer Research Fund, London, W.C.2 and N.W.7."
"London Hospital Medical College, Dental School, London, E.1."
"University College, London, W.C.1. May 22."
"Malaria Division, Health Department, Trinidad, B.W.I. Dec. 29."
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, South Melbourne. March 20."
"Leather Industries Research Institute, Rhodes University, Grahamstown. April 11."
"Division of Biological Research, G. D. Searle and Co., Chicago 80, Ill. Aug. 27, 1956."
raux, Orl&
Dr von Haunersches Kinderspital der Ludwig-Maximilians-Universit&auml
r Botanik, Technischen Hochschule, Hanover."
"Building Research Station, Garston, Watford WD2 7JR."
"Colonial Microbiological Research Institute, Trinidad. Nov. 8."
"Department of Chemistry and Food Technology, Borough Polytechnic, London, S.E.1. July 29."
Fish Pathology Laboratory, National Institute of Agricultural Research, Station of Virology and Immunology, 78850 Thiveral-Grignon&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1, Department of Chemistry, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London, W.C.1. May 26."
nlands Geologiske Unders&
 et de la RechercheM&
r Mikrobiologie, Botanisches Institut der Universit&auml
Children''s Hospital Medical Center, Departments of &
"Edsel B. Ford Institute for Medical Research, Henry Ford Hospital, Detroit.&
"Department of Obstetrics and Gyn&
"Research Association of British Flour Millers, Cereals Research Station, Old London Road, St. Albans. June 21."
Present address: William Goodenough House, Mecklenburgh Square, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Physics, Northern Polytechnic, Holloway, London, N.7."
Bonanza,&
"Psychology Division, West Ham College of Technology."
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Plas Gogerddan, Near Aberystwyth."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.l."
"Connective Tissue Research Laboratory, Institute of Medical Anatomy, Copenhagen. June 16.&
"Physiologisch-chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Dermatologische Universit&auml
Middlesex Hospital Medical School"
ttingen, Gosslerstrasse 12d, 3400 G&
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. Aug. 17."
"Departments of Medicine and Pathology, &
"Institute for Research in Organic Chemistry, University, Stockholm, and Institute of Radiophysics, Stockholm. June 27."
 Presentaddresses
 Libre de Bruxelles. July 5."
"Red Ring Research Scheme, Department of Agriculture, Trinidad."
"Lamont&
Potchefstroom Division of Bilharzia Research Group of the C.S.I.R., Zoology Department, Potchefstroom University, Potchefstroom."
Centre des Faibles Radioactivit&
Present address: Tropical Pesticides Research Institute, Arusha, Tanganyika."
Department of Medical Biophysics, Institute of Chemical Physics&
"Blood Bank and Blood-Grouping Laboratory, Municipal Hospital of &
r Biochemie der Gesellschaft f&
"Department of Medicine, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London Bridge, S.E.1.&
Department of Clinical Epidemiology and Social Medicine, St Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London"
Ethyl Corporation, R &amp
 Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics&
"Synthetic Laboratory,Pharmacological Laboratory, Chemical Works of Gedeon Richter, Ltd., Budapest."
"Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berks. Nov. 8."
nster, Institut f&
Cell Biology, &amp
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey. June 5."
"Institute of Biochemistry, Uppsala. Nov. 30."
"Laboratorio de Investigaciones Psicofarmacol&
Division of Endocrinology and &
r Physiologie, Heidelberg."
Department of Microbiology, and t Department of Infectious Diseases,   University of Ume&
1211
Dipartimento Materno-lnfantile, Universit&agrave
"Earth Physics Branch, Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, Ottawa"
Roskamp Laboratories, Institute for Research in Psychiatry, and &
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Dec. 6."
Center for Neural Science and &
"Technical Optics Section, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Laboratory of Pathology, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, Md."
r Biochemie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
riaux, Universit&
"Institute of Clinical Bacteriology, University of Ume&
INSERM U25, H&
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam. April 20."
 Bernas, Centre de Spectrom&
Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey 08540.&
rologie et d''H&
"Ichthyology Unit, National Museum of Natural Sciences, Ottawa K1AOM8"
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, 10 Whitehall Place, London, S.W.1."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Whittington Hospital, London N19"
dimentologie et de G&
Centre for Rheumatic Diseases and University Department of Medicine, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow&
"Department of Biochemistry, Medical School, Gda&
"Research Unit in Radiobiology, British Empire Cancer Campaign for Research, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middlesex."
 Department of Biology, and &
Laboratorio de Biomembranas, Departamento de Investigaci&
Department of Neuropharmacology, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Botany, University of Lucknow, Lucknow."
Senior National Science Foundation Fellow, Chester Beatty Research Institute, 1957&
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. June 30."
pital Necker-Enfants Malades, 149 Rue de S&
ve."
"Meteor Research Laboratory, Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair."
"Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh. Nov. 11."
 pound
TH Darmstadt, Institut f&
Address 1962&
"Department of Pathology, United Liverpool Hospitals (David Lewis Northern Hospital), Leeds Street, Liverpool 3. Feb. 5."
"Research Laboratories, Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester 4, N.Y. Aug. 17."
"Department of Biochemistry, Chicago Medical School, Chicago, 12."
Department of Biochemistry, King''s College&
"Department of Geology, The University, Leeds, 2."
Department ofBiochemistry, SL-15, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and&
"Oceanographic Institute, P. O. B. 9075, S. Paulo. Dec. 27."
r Geophysik, ETH-H&
Anorganisch-Chemisches Institut, Westf&auml
"National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride, Glasgow."
"Ferodo, Ltd., Chapel-en-le-Frith, Via Stockport."
"Institutefor Molecular Biology II, University of Z&
"Ion Beam Systems, Central Research Laboratory, Edwards High Vacuum International, Crawley, Sussex"
CNR Laboratory of Molecular Embryology, Arco Felice, Naples&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Queen Mary College, London, E.1. July 11."
"Biokemiska Institutionen, Uppsala UniversitetMedicinska Nobelinstitutet, Biokemiska Institutionen, Stockholm."
"Department of Physics, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta."
 Observatorio Volcanol&
"Soil Mechanics Section, Division of Building Research, National Research Council, Ottawa."
 Libre de Bruxelles, 67 rue des Chevaux, B-1640 Rhode-St-Gen&
"Division of Animal Health, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Laboratory, New South Wales."
"   Space Research Centre, Polish Academy of Sciences, Ordona 21, 01&
"Department of Zoology, University of Lund, Helgonav&auml
Present address: Virusuntersuchungsabteilung, Hyg.-Bakteriologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Laboratoire Ren&
"Department of Ophthalmology, Harvard Medical School, &
"Department of Surgery, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London."
"Research Institute of Plant Physiology, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. Oct. 24."
"Departmentof Genetics, &
r Gr&
"The Wistar Institute, 36th Street at Spruce, Philadelphia, Penn.&
"Department of Pathology,Department of Neurology and Psychiatry,Department of Physiological Chemistry, University of M&
"Immunological Research Unit, Klinikum Steglitz, Freie Universit&auml
"Division of Biological Standards, National Institute for Medical Research, London NW7"
"Westminster Hospital, London.&
National Physical Research Laboratory, C.S.I.R., Pretoria 0001&
2400&
 Laboratories of Molecular Biophysics,&
To whom correspondence should be addressed, at H&
Institute di Scienze Fisiche &
"Dept. of Pharmacology, Seton Hall College of Medicine, Jersey City 4, New Jersey. Dec. 24."
"Ministry of Supply, Chemical Inspectorate, Block &
Neurobiology and Anatomy and &
"Departments of Biology&
"Royal Radar Establishment, St. Andrews Road, Great Malvern, Worcs. Dec. 16."
 Laboratoire d''Hydrobiologie Marine, Universit&
ochimie, Universit&
 Bayerische Staatssammlung fu&
 Pharmacology, &
"Cell Biology and Metabolism Branch, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and Molecular Allergy and Immunology Section&
Internal Medicine and the &
um Road, London, N.20. Aug. 19."
"Department of Anesthesiology and Division of Bioengineering, and &
Diabetes Research Institute, Auf''m Hennekamp 65, D-40225 D&
"Division of Biology 216&
"Faculty of Sciences, University of Li&
Presbyterian&
rzburg, Versbacher Landstrasse 7, D-8700 W&
3100
"Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Department of Supply, Melbourne. July 2."
r Anorganische, Analytische und Physikalische Chemie der Universit&auml
Institute of Industrial Science, University of Tokyo, Roppongi, Tokyo"
Seals Research Division, Institute for Marine Environmental Research, c/o Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk&
"State Influenza Research Institute and Vaccine and Serum Research Institute, Leningrad."
Present address: National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
 To whom correspondenceshould be addressed."
MIT Department of Physics and &
"Ear, Nose and Throat Clinic, Wilhelmina Hospital, Amsterdam. April 3."
"Department of Bacteriology, The London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
"Division of Physics, C.S.I.R.O., University Grounds, Sydney."
Hemostasis and Thrombosis Research Center&
"Royal Naval Scientific Service. Jan. 18."
"An Foras Tal&
"Department of Ultrastructure, Istituto Venezolano de Neurolog&
"200 E. Rose Valley Road, Wallingford, Pa."
 Department of Biochemistry, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755-3844,USA&
Laboratoire de Biologie Mol&
Present address."
"IBM Zurich Research Laboratory, 8803 R&
2 &
 Departments of Pharmacology, and &
Istituto di Farmacologia, Universit&agrave
"Centre de Recherches Allergiques de l''Association Claude Bernard and Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, H&
xico, Ciudad Universitaria, Delegaci&
Cancer Research Centre, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514&
 N&
"Chemistry Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 18."
 Retinoid Research, &
"Department of Physical Therapy and Internal Medicine, School of Medicine, University of Tokyo."
Department of Psychiatry, Neurochemistry Laboratories&
"Department of Zoology, University of Alexandria."
mica Agr&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Jan. 21."
"Turner Lighter Spares and Components, Ltd., Burroughs House, Hendon Central, London, N.W.4. Sept. 14."
o Paulo. Feb. 1."
Department of Geology, University College, London.&
"Departments of Pathology and Physiology, Makerere University College, Kampala, East Africa."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1.Laboratory of General Biology, University of Li&
"Ultrasonic Laboratories, Physics Department, Andhra University, Visakhapatnam."
"Laboratory of Microbiology, Amsterdam, and Department of Biochemistry, Jaime Ferr&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London.Department of Pathology (H&
 Service de Biochimie et de G&
Nuffield Fonndation Dominion Travelling Fellow in Medicine."
"Swedish Solar Observatory, Anacapri.&
Present address: Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
"Notre Dame, Dowanhill, Glasgow. July 12."
rieure de Chimie, Microscope &
ates de Saclay, 91191 Gif-Sur-Yvette C&
"Department of Pathology, Medical School, University of Edinburgh."
Department of Physiological Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo 113&
"Laboratory for Gas Analysis Czechoslovak Academy of Science, Brno."
"Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
n, Universidad de Zaragoza and Consejo Superior de Investigations Cient&
"Institute for Perception RVO&
"Department of Tumor Biology, Smith, Kline &amp
oscience de I''Environnement, JE DRED 192, Universit&
"Department of Textiles, Derby and District College of Technology."
"Roy and Lillie Cullen Department of Urological Research, Departments of &
x002DC
"Clinical Endocrinology Branch, National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md. April 3."
"AVCO Corporation, Research and Advanced Development Division, Wilmington, Mass."
Section on Functional Brain Imaging, NIMH, &
"Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh.National Institute for Medical Research, London."
ping University Medical School, S-581 85 Link&
"Agricultural Research Council Unit of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Institute for Intermediate Energy Physics, ETH-H&
rbiochemie, Winterthurerstrasse 190, 8057 Z&
lica de la Naci&
"Laboratory of Microbiology, Division of Food and Biotechnology, Technion&
 Department of Biophysics, King''s College, 26&
"Institute of Zoophysiology, University of Uppsala."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London, W.C.1.&
"Chemistry Department, University of Edinburgh. Institute of Seaweed Research, Musselburgh. July 4."
r Theoretische Physik und Sternwarte, Universit&auml
"Zoophysiological Institute, Lund. July 28."
"Department of Anatomy, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1.Medical Unit, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
"Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
"Department of Machine Intelligence and Perception, University of Edinburgh."
"William G. Kerckhoff&
decine et de Pharmacie, 2 Place Saint Jacques, 25030 Besan&
r Hygiene und Medizinische Mikrobiologie der Freien Universit&auml
, C&
To whom reprint requests should be addressed. Present address: Department of Oncology&
To whom correspondence should be addressed."
To whom correspondence should be addressed.&
deutique Association Claude Bernard, C.N.R.S., H&
t, Jena, German Democratic Republic."
"Department of Physics, University College, Trivandrum, Kerala.&
"Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. July 1."
British&
"Brain Research Unit, University of Brussels, 115, boulevard de Waterloo, 1000&
Department of Botany, Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Ascot&
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute and &
Holder of a Leverhulme research award."
"Forest Biology Laboratory, Victoria, B.C. Jan. 20."
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen. July 4."
"Hendon College of Technology, London NW4."
"5 Acol Road, London, N.W.6. March 1."
"Birkbeck College, Crystallography Laboratory, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. July 23.&
Dipartimento di Scienze Biomediche, Centre C.N.R. Biomembrane, and &
Department of Haematology&
"Laboratory for &
"Pharmakologisches Institut der Universit&auml
5460
Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, and &
"British Jute Trade Research Association, Dundee."
, Pavia. Oct. 12."
Laboratory of the Virology of Leukaemias,&
r Sedimentforschung, Mineralogisch-Petrographisches Institut, Universit&auml
Shell Research Ltd, Sittingbourne, Kent&
tale, associ&
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, Wrights Lane, London, W.8.&
"Home Office, Forensic Science Laboratory, (North Eastern Area), Haddon Lodge, 32 Rutland Drive, Harrogate, Yorks. May 21."
Dipartimento di Fisica, Settore Geofisca, Universit&agrave
"Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. Sept. 6."
"Phytochemistry Laboratory, Biochemical Research and Development Division, Chas. Pfizer and Co., Inc., Brooklyn 6. N.Y. Nov. 18."
culaire Optique et Hertzienne, u.a. 283 du C.N.R.S., Universit&
Damon Runyon Senior Clinical Research Fellow, 1950&
"Geophysical Institute, E&
Fulbright Fellow, 1960&
partement de Biologie, Service de Biochimie, CEN Saclay"
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
"Sternwarte der Universit&auml
n de Ciencias Biol&
"Spectrographic Laboratory, Department of Geology, University of Sheffield."
"Research Department, H. W. Carter and Co., Ltd., Royal Forest Factory, Coleford, Glos. Feb. 24."
timent Gustave Roussy, H&
5696
Post-doctoral Fellow of the National Institutes of Health of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare."
"Department of Physics, University of Madras.&
"Department of Biochemistry andMolecular Genetics, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Imperial College ofScience, Technology and Medicine, London W2 1PG,UK&
partment de Pharmacologie, Ecole de M&
"Messrs. Dr. Willmar Schwabe, Ltd., Chemical Research Laboratories, Karlsruhe Durlach. June 9."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berkshire."
ontologisches Institut der Philipps-Universit&auml
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College Field Station, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berks."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Strathclyde, Cathedral Street, Glasgow C1."
"U.S. Army Signal Research and Development Laboratory, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey."
Johnson &amp
11698
r Reine und Angewandte Kernphysik, Universit&auml
 Laboratoire d''Embryologie Moleculaire, Institut Jacques Monod,   2 place Jussieu, F&
"Department of Genetics, Division of Evolutionary Molecular Systematics, University of Lund, S&
"Centro Studi Nucleari E. Fermi, Politecnico di Milano."
"Departments of Psychiatry, Anatomy &amp
"Zoological Institute, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo."
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset. Dec. 18."
"Pathological Laboratory, University of Leyden."
r Palaeontologie, Universitaet Bonn, 53 Bonn, 8 Nussallee."
Present address: Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Tel-Aviv."
"Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, 374 George Street, Sydney."
"Institute of Archaeology, University of London, 31&
"39 Overhill Drive, Brighton 6. March 7."
National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.&
ln, Lehrstuhl f&
Centre National de Recherches M&
"Experiment Station for Potato Processing, Groningen. July 31."
, Centro di Studio per la Fisica Nucleare del C.N.R., Roma."
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Jan. 28."
MacArthur Center for Molecular Parasitology and Pulmonary and Critical Care Section, Department of Internal Medicine and&
ronomie Spatiale de Belgique, 3, Avenue Circulaire, B-1180-Brussels&
 Biochimie Cellulaire, Coll&
9232
Physiology/Biophysics and&
Laboratoire de Pal&
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. July 24."
"Institute of Geology, Academia Sinica, Peking.Department of Physics, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Nov. 29."
Marine Laboratory, Aberdeen&
National Research Fellow in Academic Medicine."
"Agricultural Research Council Unit of Plant Morphogenesis and Nutrition, Wye College, Wye, Nr. Ashford, Kent.&
Observatorio del Roque de los Muchachos, Apt. 303, Santa Cruz de La Palma, Tenerife, Canary Islands&
"Department of Polymer Science and Engineering, and&
Permanent address: Laboratoire d''Immunog&
 Hnos., Kessler and C&
"Antibiotics and Fermentation Division, Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co. Ltd., Nottingham.&
"Department of Hemostasis, Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
"Department of Pathology, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1. July 13."
r Zellmorphologie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
" Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Radio Astronomy Group, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
 de Mons, Chimie des Mat&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and &
"Department of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Sept. 7."
Neurology and Neurological Surgery, and &
"State Veterinary Serum Laboratory, Copenhagen, V.Department of Biophysics, Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen, S."
"Department of Biochemistry, Physiology Institute, University of Wales, Newport Road, Cardiff."
kovi&
rzburg, Versbacherstrasse 7, D-8700 W&
"Ceaverken AB, 152 00 Str&auml
Department of Environmental Sciences, University of Lancaster&
Also at Department of Planetary and Space Science."
Departments of Biochemistry&
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. March 31."
"J&
"Technical Physics Laboratory, Technical University, Delft.Physical Chemical Laboratory, University of Leyden. Oct. 3.&
r Psychiatrie (Max-Planck-Institut), M&
ophysique Georges Lema&
 Research Computing and Information Sciences and &
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. Dec. 9."
"Royal Greenwich Observatory. Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex."
 Immunology and of &
Division of Neuropsychiatry, Hospital ''Belle-Id&
"Electromedical Laboratory, Moore School of Electrical Engineering and Medical Schools, University of Philadelphia. April 2."
Blood Bank and Blood Grouping Laboratory, University Hospital of &
"Brown Trout Research Laboratory, Faskally House, Pitlochry, Perthshire. March 20."
"Geophysical Institute, University of Tokyo. Nov. 1."
R &amp
 University, 90185 Ume&
"Department of Pharmacology, Veterinary Faculty, Agricultural College, Ko&
"Department of Pharmacology, Tobacco Research Council Laboratories, Harrogate."
"Department of Physics, University of Allahabad. Feb. 24."
"Abteilung Chemische Pflanzenphysiologie, Technische Universit&auml
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.l. Nov. 16.&
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm, and Department of Animal Nutrition Genetics and Hygiene, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm."
"Medical Research Council Industrial Psychology Research Unit, Psychology Department, University College, London, W.C.1."
Beit Memorial Fellow for Medical Research."
"Chaire de M&
Institute of Physiology, Glasgow&
Chester Beatty Research Institute, London SW3.&
"Institute for Atomic Physics, Cluj, Rumania."
" &amp
, Histology&
"Westfield College, London NW3 7ST"
"The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent."
"Central Research Laboratories, Research Division, Armour and Co., Chicago 9."
"Laboratoire de Chimie Physique I, Universit&
"Laboratoire de Physiologie Cellulaire, Coll&
Research Laboratories, Janssen Pharmaceutica, Beerse"
"WHO Immunology Research and Training Centre, Lausanne."
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Orthopaedics, Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, Stanmore, Middlesex."
Simpson Memorial Maternity Pavilion, Lauriston Place, Edinburgh EH3 9EF"
Present address: Charg&
Neuroscience Program and &
"The Rowett Research Institute, Aberdeen.&
Present address: Laboratoire de Physiologie G&
Microbiology Discipline, Erindale College&
"Laboratoire de Morphologie Animale, Universit&
partment de Pharmacologie, Facult&
"Central Institute for Industrial Research, Oslo. Jan. 12."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University College, London, W.C.1."
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Abteilung Genetik, Spemannstrasse 35, 7400 T&
rimental d''Arboriculture Fruiti&
gi Gy&
 Lyle Group Research &amp
"British Dielectric Research, Ltd., 38 Wood Lane, London, W.12. Jan. 11."
Departement de Physique, Laboratoire Etalons de Frequence,Universit&
"Sir John Cass College, Jewry Street, London, E.C.3. April 21."
"ARC Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent."
"Chemisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Queen Mary College, London, E.1. Oct. 11."
ck, Fachbereich Biologie/Chemie, D-4500 Osnabr&
"Station de Physiologie Animale, Jouy en Josas (Seine-et-Oise)."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, King''s Buildings, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. Feb. 29."
ochimiques and Ecole Nationale Sup&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Wool Research Laboratories, Division of Textile Physics, Ryde, Sydney."
Permanent address: Chemistry Department, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3."
"Laboratory of Biochemistry of Reproduction, Clinic of Veterinary Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University Centre &
"Medical Research Council Group for Research in the Physiology of Vision, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
"Chemical Physics Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, King''s Buildings, University, Edinburgh."
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Leeds 6. Dec. 19."
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough."
U.S. Public Health Service Trainee."
"Department of Pathology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. May 2."
Service de Chirurgie, Groupe Hospitalier Piti&
Laboratory of Immunology, &
"Institute of Physical Chemistry, Czechoslovak Academy of Science, M&
Molecular Biology Institute and &
 Dagger
Present address : Department of Biochemistry and Plant Nutrition, The Agricultural Institute, Johnstown Castle, Wexford, Eire."
 Eidgen&
"Biochemical Laboratory, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro."
"Guinness-Lister Research Unit, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1.&
"Istituto di Fisiologia umana, Universit&agrave
"10 Varo Terrace, Stockton-on-Tees."
, C. Ruiz&
 Present address: Centra de Biolog&
 and Developmental Biology&
"Department of Histology, University of Uppsala."
Saskatchewan Geological Survey, 1914 Hamilton Street, Regina, Saskatchewan, S4P4V4&
n Volcanol&
ts Kinderkliniek, Inselspital, Berne."
rale, University of Brussels. Nov. 3."
Division of Sea Fisheries, Sea Point, Cape Town&
On leave from the Instituto Nacional de Microbiologia."
"Department of Pathology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Rhodesia, Box MP 167, Salisbury, Rhodesia"
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Diseases of the Chest, Brompton, London, S.W.3. Jan. 6."
Laboratoire de Chimie de Coordination Organique, Universit&
Laboratoire d''Oc&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. Sept. 2."
 Department of Geology and Geophysics, and &
rimentale des Populations, Universit&
"Groupe NB&
Present address: Alexander von Humboldt Fellow, Institut f&
"Institute of Theoretical Geophysics, Department of Earth Sciences and Department of Applied Mathematics &amp
"Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, B.W.I. Feb. 12."
xico 13, D. F. M&
 Molecular Biology and Pharmacology and&
"Pathology Department, Queen Mary''s (Roehampton) Hospital, Roehampton, London, S.W.15. Aug. 10."
"Geochemical Division, Institute of Geological Sciences, London WC1."
"British Coal Utilization Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Sept. 1."
 Department of Genetics&
riques, Centre National d''Etudes des T&
Laboratory of Experimental Oncology, Institute of Pathological Anatomy, University of Padova&
tique de I''lNSERM, Facult&
"Gatty Marine Laboratory, St. Andrews. Aug. 26."
"Medical Unit, The London Hospital, E.1."
 To whom correspondence should be addressed at Fisiolog&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow.&
63: Fulbright grantee and John Simon Guggenheim Fellow, Max Planck Institute for Physical Chemistry, G&
"University College, Cardiff"
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. May 21."
McGill Cancer Centre and Departments of &
rsted Institute, Universitetsparken 5, 2100 &
"Regional Research Centre, University of the West Indies, St. Augustine, Trinidad.Department of Hop Research, Wye College, Kent."
"Laboratorio di Biochimica, Istituto Nazionale della Nutrizione, Roma."
 Departamento de F&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Feb. 9."
"Department of Soil Fertility/Chemistry, The Agricultural Institute, Wexford."
rie&
Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology,&
"Agricultural Research Council, Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent.&
"M.R.C. Group for Research in Haemolytic Mechanisms and the Department of Haematology, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Department of Neurophysiology, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London WC1."
 Libre de Bruxelles. March 3."
decine et de Pharmacie, Avenue de I''Universit&
"Toxicology Unit, MRC Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey"
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Aug. 21."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Edinburgh. Sept. 16."
Merck Fellow in the Natural Sciences of the National Research Council."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Meteorological Physics, Aspendale, Victoria."
Laboratoire de Chimie Organique des Substances Naturelles, D&
Research Fellow in H&
"Department of Chemistry, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. July 29."
"Department of Pathology, Queen Elizabeth Hospital for Children, Hackney Road, London, E.2. July 21."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7"
"Veterinary Laboratory (Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food), New Haw, Weybridge. Jan. 28."
"Cancer Research Unit, Department of Clinical Biochemistry, and Department of Pathology, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle-upon-Tyne"
r Zuchtungsforschung, D5000, K&
"Tissue Immunology Laboratory, Nephrology Clinic, H&
trologie Structurale), Universit&
"Forestry and Game Management Institute, Zbraslav-Strnady, Czechoslovakia. Dec. 11."
"Institute of Biology, Ural Branch of the Academy of Sciences, Sverdlovsk, U.S.S.R."
tique de I''NSERM, Facult&
Present address: Isotopes, Inc., Westwood Laboratories, Westwood, New Jersey."
Department of Ecological Botany, University of Ume&
 Harvard&
"Institutt for Silikatforskning og Institutt for Teoretisk Kjemi, Norges Tekniske H&
Present address: Merck, Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Rahway, New Jersey."
"Centre de Biologia Molecular (CSIC-UAM), Universidad Aut&
"Medical Research Council, Environmental Radiation Unit, Department of Medical Physics, The General Infirmary, Leeds LS1 3EX"
On leave from the University of Tokyo School of Medicine."
"Department of Pathology and Special Unit for Juvenile Rheumatism, Canadian Red Cross Hospital, Maidenhead, Berks, England. Dec. 17."
"Department of Dental Materials, Institute of Dental Surgery, University of London"
"Department of Physics, University of Lund. Nov. 11."
"The Bland-Sutton Institute of Pathology, The Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1 Sept. 22."
Laboratory of Experimental Cytogenetics, Institut Biom&
Instituto Evandro Chagas, da Funda&
 Tumor Cell Biology and &
"Laboratory of Plant Physiology, University of Li&
aires, Service d''Anatomie Pathologique, University of Li&
"Harvard&
gyszergy&
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr. Nov. 20"
Wyeth Fellow in Pharmacology of the Empire Rheumatism Council.Department of Medical Physics, King''s College Hospital, London, S.E.6.&
Institute of High Energy Physics, &
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. June 10."
"Division of Endocrinology, University Institute of Experimental Medicine, Copenhagen."
Department of Chemical Engineering, Imperial College, Prince Consort Road, London SW7"
Laboratoire d''Immunologie Mol&
 Steward Observatory, &
ologie structurale, Universit&
Gruppo Lepetit Research Laboratories, Milan."
"Biophysics Department, &
"Biochemistry Department, Institute of Neurology, The National Hospital, Queen Square, London, W.C.1. Oct. 10."
"Instituto de Pesquisas Espaciais, S&
To whom correspondance should be addressed."
"Deutsches Elektronen Synchrotron, Hamburg."
5305
Present addresses: Roche Institute for Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey (C.L.S.)
"Department of Pathology and Bacteriology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff. April 14."
"Physiology Institute, Groningen. March 6."
"Neurosurgical Clinic and Department of Clinical Neurophysiology, Serafimerlasarettet, Stockholm K. Nov. 30."
"CEA-IRDI-DESICP, D&
 Institut Fran&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
Department of Pharmacology, Research and Development Laboratories, Astra L&auml
Departmentof Surgery, &
The State University, Newark, New Jersey."
"King''s College, University of London, London, W.C.2. Jan. 10."
cology, State University of Ghent.Department of Pathology, State University of Leyden."
"Institute of Infectious Diseases, University of Naples, Via Cotugno 1.Istituto Sieroterapico Italiano, Via S. Giacomo dei Capri 66, Naples."
 Fellow from the C. A. P. E. S."
Immunology and &
ARC Animal Breeding Research Organization, Edinburgh."
mica Org&
 Bologna, V. Irnerio, 48,40126, &
t Kiel, D&
18, 403)."
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey. Sept. 4."
"Geophysical Section, Bureau of Mineral Resources, 203 Collins Street, Melbourne. May 28."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, nr. Didcot, Berkshire. Dec. 19."
Chemistry and&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3"
"Instituto de Anatom&
, Budapest."
t, Sophienstrasse 11, 8 M&
Laboratoire de Neuroendocrinologie, Centre de Recherche de l''H&
"Department of Chemistry, Ontario Research Foundation, Toronto 5. May 31."
k, Uppsala 7."
"Department of Biochemistry, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire 03756,USA&
Physikalisches Institut and BIMF, Universit&auml
Physiology and Biophysics and &
Department of Biology as Applied to Medicine,&
Department of Geological Sciences, University College, London WC1E 6BT,UK&
"Biological Laboratories, Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford, 5."
"Division of Biology 156-29 and &
"Armed Forces Medical College, Poona."
"University Biochemical Laboratories, Madras."
"Department of Physics, University, Sheffield, 10. Sept. 1."
Terylene&
, Centro di Studio per la Fisica Nucleare del C.N.R., Roma. Dec. 12."
 Division of Research Medicine and Radiation Biophysics and &
"Biochemistry Laboratory, Birla College, Pilani (Rajasthan)."
 Bundesanstalt f&
 de Bruxelles. Jan. 4."
"Technische Hochschule, M&
"Sea Fisheries Research Station, Caesarea. Aug. 7 (1952)."
i Izotopi Radioactivi, P.O. Box 377, Bucharest 1, Rumania."
"Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3. April 7."
lagata 4, Reykjav&
NERC Institute of Marine Biochemistry, St Fittick''s Road, Aberdeen AB1 3RA"
r Kernphysik, Heidelberg."
r Technische Chemie, Technische Universit&auml
"Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Rah way, New Jersey."
Service d''Astrophysique, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
ck Laboratorium in der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Carl-von Linne-Weg 10, 50829 K&
"British Jute Trade Research Association, Kinnoull Road, Kingsway West, Dundee. Sept. 7."
"Jeffery Hale''s Hospital, St. Cyrille Street, Quebec City. July 17."
"Zoological Institute, College of Science, University of Kyoto."
"Department of Pure and Applied Physics, University of Salford.National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London."
Holder of a Medical Research Council scholarship for training in research methods."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
dical Universitaire, Universit&
"Biochemistry Unit, Wool Textile Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Feb. 1."
The Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, and &
"Chemistry Department, University College, Cork. Aug. 1."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow. May 1."
"Department of Biochemistry, Toxicology Institute, Kumamoto University Medical School, Kumamoto"
To whom corresspondence should be addressed."
bingen,D-7400 T&
"The Variety Club Research Center of The La Rabida&
"Transvaal Museum, Pretoria. Dec. 9."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Sept. 30."
"Queen Mary''s Hospital for Children, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, Melbourne. Dec. 29."
"Department of Zoology, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. May 24."
63491
nchen, Goethestrusse 33, D-8 M&
r Medizinische Virologie der Universit&auml
"Department of Biophysics, Roswell Park Memorial Institute, Buffalo, 3."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford.Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Department of Zoology, University College of South Wales, Cardiff&
"Research Division, Pfizer, Ltd., Sandwich, Kent."
Visiting Astronomer, Kitt Peak National Observatory."
r Astrophysik, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 1, D-8046 Garching bei M&
 Istituto di Medicina del Lavoro, Universit&
al 101, Qu&
Division of Pediatric Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute,&
 Centre de Recherche de Biochimie et G&
"Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Marsden Hospital, Sutton."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Sept. 19."
"Fachbereich Biologie, Universit&auml
"Department of Experimental Medicine, Guy''s Hospital, S.E.1."
Department of Electrical Engineering, Fairleigh Dickinson University, Teaneck, New Jersey 17666&
Istituto di Patologia generale, Universit&agrave
"Department of Chemistry, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1."
 di Milano, Clinica Ostetrica e Ginecologica dell''Universit&agrave
 Libre de Bruxelles, 115 Bvd. de Waterloo, Bruxelles. March 30."
Stanley Tausend Fellow.&
"National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Public Health Service, Federal Security Agency, Bethesda 14, Md. Aug. 31.&
"King''s College of Household and Social Science, (University of London), London, W.8. March 18."
x003C0
"Engineering Seismology Section, Imperial College of Science, London SW7."
Department of Clinical Haematology, University College Hospital Medical School, London WC1E 6HX"
"University Botany Laboratory, Madras 5. July 31."
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Psychiatry (British Postgraduate Medical Federation, University of London), Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5.&
Neurochirurgische Universit&auml
 Department of Neurology, Medical School, University of T&
r Zellbiologie, Universit&auml
"43 Holly Terrace, Hensingham, Whitehaven, Cumberland. Dec. 12."
"Plant Protective Chemistry Section, East Malling Research Station, Maidstone, Kent."
 Laboratory of Immunobiology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Departmentsof &
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, &
"Department of Medical Genetics, Clinical Investigation and Research Unit, Children''s Hospital, Winnipeg, and Department of P&
orologique L&
"I.C.I. Marine Paints Research Station, Brixham. Nov. 6."
Senior Postdoctoral Fellow, National Science Foundation (U.S.A.), 1961&
De Dorschkamp&
On leave from the University of Belgrade
Laboratory of Immunology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases&
"Central Experiment Station, Centeno, Arima Post Office, Trinidad."
Present address: H. Reeve Angel and Co., Ltd., 9 Bridewell Place, London, E.C.4."
 Laval) et Laboratoire de Biochimie, H&
"University College, London."
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee."
"Central Laboratory of the Paul Heim Hospital for Children, Research and Postgraduate School, Budapest.Department of General Zoology, L. E&
Laboratory of Viral Diseases, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
To whom correspondence should be addrressed."
r Biophysik der Freien Universit&auml
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Dec. 3."
"Chemical Physics Group, National Chemical and Physical Research Laboratories, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria."
  Present address: Department of Physics and Astronomy, Rutgers University, PO Box 849, Piscatway, New Jersey 08855&
Department of Geology, Sec. B., All&
"Institut de Botanique, Facult&
"Department of Immunology, Institute of Dermatology, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, London."
re, St.-Genis-Laval (Rh&
 Laboratoire de Biologie Marine, Universit&
r Experimentelle Medizin, Abt. Chemie, 34 G&
"The New South Wales University of Technology, Broadway, Sydney. Sept. 11."
ts-Kinderklinik, Luisenheilanstalt, Heidelberg."
K. Abe&
"Biophysics Laboratory, Department of Physics, Portsmouth Polytechnic."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. Sept. 21."
"Department of Clinical Chemistry, University of Uppsala."
"University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.Institute of Geological Sciences, Leeds."
gicas, Departamento de Bioqu&
"Institute of Clinical Research, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Nov. 25."
"University of L&
 109 de Neurobiologie, Centre Paul Broca de l''INSERM, 2ter, rue d''Al&
"Turner Lighter Spares and Components, Ltd., Burroughs House, Hendon Central, London, N.W.4. March 2."
"Radium Institute, Liverpool. July 31."
Career Development Awardee of the Public Health Service."
"Department of Botany, Imperial College, London SW7."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. July 8."
"Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. May 17."
"Department of Zoology, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. Nov. 18."
"Research and Development Department, The United Steel Companies, Ltd., Moorgate, Rotherham, Yorkshire."
 Instituto de F&
"Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Brno.&
"Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Brno."
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Nagpur. Feb. 28."
"Department of Pathology, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Nov. 15."
"Research Department (Pharmacology Division), Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. January 29.&
teborg."
teborg.&
, and Microbiology and Immunology and Divisionof Hematology-Oncology, Department of Medicine&
 Centre des Faibles Radioactivit&
timent de Chimie B 6, Sart Tilman, 4 000 Li&
"Research Association of British Rubber Manufacturers, Shawbury, Shrewsbury, Shropshire. June 17."
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset. April 1."
teborg C."
"ARC Unit of Plant Physiology&
"Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent. July 28."
s, U.E.R. Sciences, U.A. no. 12 C.N.R.S., Universit&
"Nickell Laboratories, Monsanto Chemicals, Limited, Ruabon, North Wales."
os, Laguna, Philipines."
"Zoology Department, University of Glasgow. Jan. 14."
Travelling Fellow of the N.S.W. State Cancer Council."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. May 8."
"Department of Physics, Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham.Chester Beatty Research Institute, Clifton Avenue, Sutton, Surrey.&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London."
 Laboratory of Parasitic Diseases, &
"Baker Platinum Division, Engelhard Industries, Ltd., 52 High Holborn, London, W.C.1. Oct. 31."
"National Heart Hospital, Westmoreland Street, London W1M 8BD"
 de Neuropharmacologie, Centre de Recherche Delalande, 10, rue des Carri&
"Physikalisch-chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
tudes Nucl&
"University of Medicine, P&
Present address: Chester Beatty Research Institute, Clifton Avenue, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
Present address: Department of Science, Hatfield Technical College, Herts."
"Department of Physics, University of Allahabad. Sept. 9."
"Laporte Titanium Research Department, Kingsway, Luton, Beds. June 2."
"Children''s Cancer Research Foundation, and the Harvard Medical School.&
CNRS de Marseille Luminy, Case 906, 13288 Marseille C&
 Radiation Medicine, and &
"Beecham Toiletry Division, Brentford, Middlesex."
Department of Medicine&
Present address: Consolidated Diamond, Geology Department, Box 253, Oranjemund 9015, South West Africa."
Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology/Anthropology&
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam. Jan. 16."
"The Whales Research Institute, Fukagawa Etchujima, Koto-ku, Tokyo."
 48, Czechoslovakia."
"Antibiotics Research Station (Medical Research Council), 4 Elton Road, Clevedon, Somerset. Aug. 26."
MRC Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey.&
Department of Biochemistry &amp
 National Science Foundation predoctoral fellow."
"Department of Zoology, University of London King''s College, London, W.C.2.&
"Physiologie et Pharmacologie Vasculaire et R&
Laboratoire des Solides Irradi&
Surgical Professorial Unit, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London EC1."
"Agricultural Research Council, Ditton Laboratory, Larkfield, Kent."
''s University, Olomouc, Czechoslovakia. Sept. 10."
Permanent address: Standards Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Fluid Mechanics Laboratory, West Ham College of Technology, London."
Biophysical Chemistry Section, Unilever Research Colworth/Welwyn, Sharnbrook, Bedfordshire.&
sk. Department of Chemistry, Institute of Technology, Gda&
"Radar Research and Development Establishment, Malvern, Worcs. April 24."
"Animal Health Trust Canine Research Station, Kennett, Nr. Newmarket, Suffolk."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. Aug. 9."
"Department of Pathology, Southern General Hospital, Glasgow, S.W.1.&
Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, Medical and Pharmaceutical institute Cluj-Napoca&
"Department of Internal Medicine, Tumor Research Division, Universit&auml
r Strahlenbiologie, M&
pital Laribiosi&
"British Petroleum, B.P. House, Ropemaker Street, London."
 Environmental Research Laboratory&
"Neurology Laboratory, Wessex Neurological Centre, Southampton General Hospital."
, and   Departments of &
"Instituto de Biologia Celular, CSIC, Velazques 138, Madrid."
Institut des Sciences de l''Evolution, Universit&
"Department of Bacteriology, The University, Aberdeen."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. July 19."
"Laboratory of Cellular Biochemistry, Institute Ruder Bo&
"Abt. Strahlenbiologie, Institut f&
"Paediatric Research Unit, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Institute of Medical Physiology, Copenhagen, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, and Bispebjerg Hospital, Copenhagen."
"Centre for Overseas Pest Research, College House, Wrights Lane, London W8 5SJ&
"Department of Biochemistry, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2."
 de Microbiologia, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas, Velazquez 138, Madrid, 6."
"Chemical Physics Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Jan. 8."
"Botany Department, University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 3."
"Department of Botany, University of Dacca. Oct. 9."
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Suginami-ku, Tokyo."
"Department of Botany, University of Glasgow. Jan 23."
"Observatorio Astron&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. March 1."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Entomology, Canberra City."
"Doughty Street, London, W.C.l. Jan. 30."
"Radiophysical Research Institute, Gorky, U.S.S.R."
Endocrine Unit, Department of Medicine, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London W12 0HS&
Visiting Scientist of the National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases."
"Science Service Laboratory, Department of Agriculture, University of Western Ontario Sub P.O., London, Ontario. Jan. 31."
20753
"Department of Pathology and Cancer Research Unit, University of Sheffield."
"First Department of Pathological Anatomy and Experimental Cancer Research, University of Budapest. July 16."
 Department of Neuroscience, University ''La Sapienza'', Viale dell''Universit&
 di Genova, Viale Benedetto XV, 1&
"Institute of Experimental Medicine, U.S.S.R. Academy of Medical Sciences, Leningrad."
Present address: Marine Biology Station, Menai Bridge, N. Wales."
r Neurobiologie der KFA 517 J&
"Department of Astronomy, University of Edinburgh.Royal Observatory, Edinburgh."
"Department of Biology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario. June 9.&
"The Wildfowl Trust, Slimbridge, Gloucester GL2 7BT."
"Department of Microbiology, Biozentrum der Universit&auml
r Kristallographie Freie Universit&auml
"Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, Institut f&
"Zoophysiological Institute, University, Lund. Oct. 1."
 Departments of Surgery and &
7278
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks
aires de Saclay (Seine et Oise)."
"Blood Group Reference and Research Laboratory, Children''s Hospital, Winnipeg.Ortho Research Foundation, Raritan, New Jersey. March 23."
"Ontario Research Foundation, 43 Queen''s Park, Toronto 5. May 21."
Hypertension Laboratory, H&
 Department of Molecular and Cell Biology and&
"Laboratoire d''Immunologie des Tumeurs, Service d''H&
nica, (C.S.I.C.) Facultad de Ciencias, Ciudad Universitaria, Madrid."
Permanent address: Service d''A&
"Biology Department, Winthrop College, Rock Hill, South Carolina."
"Rubber Research Institute of Ceylon, Dartonfield, Agalawatta, Ceylon.Medical Research Institute, Colombo, Ceylon."
"Chemistry Department, United College, St. Andrews. Nov. 30."
tude de l''&
 P. K. Sternberg State Institute for Astronomy, and &
"Swiss Ferment Company, Ltd., Basle. Dec. 20."
"Neuropharmacology Laboratory, 56&
"The Distillers Co., Ltd., Research and Development Department, Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey."
"Department of Pathology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London."
"Department of Inorganic and Structural Chemistry, The University, Leeds, 2."
nergie Atomique, Fontenay-aux-Roses, Seine. March 28."
"Laboratoire de Chimie Organique des Substances Naturelles, Associ&
sica Fundamental, C-III, and &
es Cient&
Department of Chemistry, Imperial College, London SW7"
"Medical Research Council Unit for Experimental Investigation of Behaviour, University College, London."
"University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo.Nuclear Institute of St. Paul''s University, Sajima, Yokosuka.Tokyo Kyoiku University, Koishikawa, Tokyo."
"Section de Biochimie Cellulaire, D&
"Centre de Recherches sur la Chimie de la Combustion et des Hautes Temp&
1747
"State Veterinary Serum Laboratory, Copenhagen V."
"Laboratorio de Estructura Molecular, Centro de Biof&
 Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics, &
"Institute of Tuberculosis, Bratislava, Palisady 47, Czechoslovakia.Department of Microbiology and Biochemistry, Faculty of Chemistry, Slovak Polytechnical University, Bratislava, Kollarovo n&
al, C.P. 8888, Succ. A, Montr&
78 Gray''s Inn Road, London WC1 8NG.&
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks.The Radiochemical Centre, Amersham, Bucks."
"Seismic Research Unit, University of the West Indies, Trinidad."
 sect
"School of Tropical Medicine, Pembroke Place, Liverpool 3. July 31."
Program in Immunology, &
"Department of Pharmacy, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, University of London, Manresa Road, London, SW3."
10238
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Biochemisches Institut der Universit&auml
tre, 94270&
Seismic Research Unit, University of the West Indies, St Augustine, Trinidad&
, Agaram Road, Tambaram, Madras 45."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1.Department of Zoology, King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2. March 18.&
 Department of Cancer Biology, Harvard School of Public Health&
"The British Drug Houses, Ltd., Graham Street, London, N.1. Oct. 27."
"Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, Medical Academy, Pozna&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute,and &
"Department of Geology, King''s College, London, Strand, London WC2R 2LS"
"Institut d''Immuno-Biologie, (INSERM et Association Claude Bernard), H&
 de Bruxelles, and Service de Recherches du C.E.R.I.A., Bruxelles. June 24."
"I. Belgy&
a Molecular, CSIC, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Aut&
r Biologische Chemie der Universit&auml
Service d''Electronique Physique, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Department of Zoology, University of London King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2.&
"James Watt Engineering Laboratories, University of Glasgow."
 UFR de Sciences Pharmaceutiques, Universit&
"Research and Development Center, General Electric Co., Schenectady, N.Y."
Institute of Zoology, University of Neuch&
"CSIRO Division of Plant Industry, PO Box 109, Canberra."
"Medical Research Council Unit for the Experimental Investigation of Behaviour, University College, London."
"Laboratoire de Cytogenetique, Centre Hospitalier, Chamber&
Medical student trainee supported by grant 2E-128 from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the U.S. Public Health Service."
The Communications and Space Sciences Laboratory and &
"Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
 Medicine (Medical Genetics) and&
 Dipartimento di Scienze Geologiche e Paleontologiche, Universit&
"Department of Botany, King''s College, Strand, W.C.2. Jan. 17."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. May 31."
Max-Planck Institute f&
"Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo. March 1."
Department of Microbiology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755"
 de Bruxelles. Aug. 12."
"Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Rahway, New Jersey."
"Primate Research Centre, Bethlem Royal Hospital, Monks Orchard, Beckenham, Kent."
"Ross Institute of Tropical Hygiene, Keppel Street, London, W.C.1. June 5."
t f&
Present address: Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Section on Chemical Genetics, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, 14, Md."
"Department of Fuel Technology and Chemical Engineering, University of Sheffield. Feb. 11."
"John Innes Institute, Bayfordbury, Hertford."
"Department of Physiology,Department of Bacteriology, Medical School, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Nov. 11."
Present address: Department of Chemistry, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Chelsea, London, S.W.3."
tedra de Patologia General y Fisiopatolog&
Institute of Astronomy, and &
Physique des Solides, Universit&
"Histological Department, University of Uppsala."
Central Institute for Industrial Research, Oslo&
"Nuclear Research Institute, &
"Biological Department, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Aug. 9."
Program in Neuroscience and Departments of &
"Botanical Laboratory, Faculty of Science, Ochanomizu University, Tokyo. Feb. 17."
r Kosmosforschung der AdW, Rudower Chaussee 5, DDR-1199 Berlin"
"Division of Parasitology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
re, 91 bd de l''H&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. July 27."
"Radiological Research Laboratory, Department of Radiology and Department of Pathology, Cancer Center&
"Department of Pathophysiology, University, Budapest. Sept. 2."
ophysique de Structures Profondes, associ&
 de Bretagne Occidentale, Laboratoire d''Oc&
sthetics, Royal College of Surgeons, London, W.C.2."
Department of Chemistry, The University, Glasgow W2&
partement de Recherche Fondamentale, 85X, 83041 Grenoble C&
trique, H&
partemental de Transfusion Sanguine et de G&
 of Borne."
"Institute of Histology and Embryology, School of Veterinary Science, University of Belgrade.Department of Biochemistry, Laboratory of Radiobiology, Boris Kidrich Institute, Belgrade."
"National Blood Transfusion Service, Sheffield."
Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics&
lich, ICH-5: Erd&
r physikalische Biochemie und Kolloidchemie, Universit&auml
"University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury."
Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute, S-601 76 Norrk&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, (Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital), Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Aug. 21."
"Pharmaceutical Chemical Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3. Feb. 12."
"King''s Buildings, University of Edinburgh. July 7."
"Statens Institut f&
"Department of Biology as Applied to Medicine, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1"
Geophysical Research Laboratory, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Sopron"
"Department of Microbiology, College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Rutgers Medical School, Piscataway, New Jersey 08854"
"Department of Chemistry, Yokohama National University, Minami-ku, Yokohama."
"Blood Transfusion Department, Armed Forces Medical College, Poona. July 19."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Division of Entomology, Canberra."
"Radio and Electrical Engineering Division, National Research Council, Ottawa."
"Department of Anatomy, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.2."
"Radio and Electrical Engineering Division, National Research Council, Ottawa.&
"University of Glasgow Veterinary School, Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden Road, Bearsden, Glasgow. Jan. 6.&
"Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G11 5JR&
"UKAEA Research Group, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire."
"Department of Biometry, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
"Palmer Physical Laboratory, Princeton, New Jersey."
 Centre de Recherches en Physique de I''Atmosph&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
 Molecular Genetics Group and &
MRC Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Berkshire&
Post-doctoral trainee, U.S. Public Health Service research training grant 2A&
"Institute for Vitamin Research, Stockholm. April 20."
"Fysisk Institutt, Universitetet i Bergen. Nov. 10."
"Department of Neuroscience, Children''s Hospital Medical Center and Departments of &
 Conseil Sup&
 Biocomputing and &
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield, Yorkshire"
 de Bact&
user H&
"Institute for General Chemistry, Technical University of Budapest, XI., Gell&
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Research Laboratories of Vitamins, Limited, Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey. Sept. 7."
Present address: Department of Botany, Bedford College, London."
Present address: Ontario Cancer Institute, 500 Sherbourne Street, Toronto, Ontario."
Instituto de Astrof&
"Department of Applied Mathematics and Mathematical Physics, University College, Cardiff."
 Cardiovascular and &
"Department of Bacteriology, School of Medicine, Leeds. March 18."
"Department of Biology, Brunel College, London, W.3."
"Department of Pathology, University of Natal, Durban."
r Metallphysik, Z&
culaire du G&
o Paulo.Department of Anthropology, University of Parana, Curitiba.Galton Laboratory, University College, London. Nov. 6."
 and Departments of Microbiology&
Of the British Food Manufacturing Industries Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead."
"BDH (Research) Limited, Borough Road, Godalming, Surrey and Pest Infestation Control Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Hook Rise, Tolworth, Surrey&
"Institute of Physics, University of Uppsala. June 8."
"Saint-Jean-de-Luz, Basses-Pyr&
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington. June 18."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Feb. 20."
 1083."
"Aspirant du Forids National de la Recherche Scientifique,Chercheur de l''Institut Interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucl&
Boris Kidri&
"UKAEA Research Group, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire"
"Anatomy Department, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"CSIRO Division of Animal Health, Animal Health Research Laboratory, Private Bag No. 1, PO, Parkville, Victoria 3052"
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Tokyo. Feb. 3."
 Infectious Diseases, and &
Department of Veterinary Science&
Istituto di Clinica Medica I&
 Stockholm Observatory, S-133 00 Saltsj&
"Haffkine Institute, Bombay."
a, Instituto de Biolog&
"Nondestructive Testing Centre, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Department of Human Metabolism, University College Hospital and Medical School, London WCl"
"Department of Cell Research, The Wallenberg Laboratory, University of Uppsala and &
Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research, Royal Victoria Hospital, 687 Pine Avenue West, Montr&
"Tokyo Astronomical Observatory, University of Tokyo, Mitaka, Tokyo. July 11."
Universit&
s Basses Temp&
Enrico Fermi Institute and Departments of Physics and Astronomy
"Vollum Institute, and &
"Air Monitoring Section, Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Bombay, 73."
"Zoological Institute, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo. June 1."
Rutgers University, Newark, New Jersey&
r R&
Present address: Haileybury and Imperial Service College, Hertford."
"Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. June 15."
"Amoco Europe Incorporated, 46&
"Inorganic Chemistry Research Laboratories, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 20."
Rhodes Scholar."
"Department of Chemistry, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. March 23."
"R.A.F. Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hants. Oct. 8."
"Department of Physics, University, Sheffield 10. May 5."
 Fachbereich Biologie der Universit&auml
al, CP 6128, succ.centre-ville, Montr&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. July 27."
"University of Ceylon, Peradeniya."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield.&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Limited, Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks. Feb. 5."
"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Laboratoire de Glaciologie, Grenoble"
 and Institute of Virology, University, Uppsala."
n Medicina, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
 University, S-90187, Ume&
"Ditton Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), East Malling, Maidstone, Kent. Nov. 28."
 l''Energie Atomique, Saclay (Seine et Oise)."
"Agronomy Department, South Dakota State College, Brookings, South Dakota."
"Department of Clinical Physiology and the Third Outpatient Department of Internal Medicine, Sahlgrenska sjukhuset, University of G&
tique, D&
 Molecular Genetics and &
"Physiol. chem. Institut d. Universit&auml
"Royal Naval Physiological Laboratory, Fort Road, Alverstoke, Gosport, Hampshire."
"Department of Earth Science and Astronomy, and&
"Metropolitan Police Laboratory, 2 Richbell Place, London, W.C.1."
"Renal Division,Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women''s Hospital, and &
"Division of Plant Genetics and Breeding, Agricultural Research Organisation, The Volcani Center, PO Box 6, Bet Dagan"
"Soil Mechanics Section, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Victoria. Oct. 29."
a, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Auton&
"Physics Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Dec. 19."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Oct. 2."
Titulaire d''une bourse de l''Institut Interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucl&
"Departments of Pathology and Medicine. Hope Hospital, Salford, 6."
Supported by U.S. Public Health Service grant No. H5006"
Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London W6&
"Laboratory of Psychophysical Relationships, Department of Psychiatry, University of London Institute of Psychiatry, Maudsley Hospital, London. Dec. 20."
 Paul-Sabatier, 118 route de Narbonne, 31062 Toulouse C&
  Laboratory of Molecular Otology, NIDCD, &
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 6."
"Department of Soil Science, University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg."
"Guided Weapons Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants."
H. C. &
IRIBHN,Universit&
 d''Oncologie Mol&
"Department of Botany, The University, Nottingham. Sept. 10."
"Regional Research Laboratory (CSIR) Jammu Tawi&
Departments of Medical Microbiology and &
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College University of London, W.8."
"Medical University Clinic, Zurich. Dec. 20."
 M. Bobrow, F. Benham, E. Boswinkel, C. Cole, V. Dubowitz, K. Hart, S. Hodgson, L. Johnson &amp
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment (Ministry of Power), Buxton. Oct. 7."
tre, 94270 Le Kremlin-Bic&
Now at the University of Ceylon."
"Department of Vertebrate Zoology and Department of Theoretical Cybernetics, Kiev State University."
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. and Institute of Microbiology, Royal Agricultural College, Uppsala 7."
"Birkbeck College, University of London."
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam. March 11."
"Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. Aug. 10."
"Laboratories of the Royal Edward Laurentian Hospital, Montreal."
"Tierhygiene Institut der Universit&auml
"Endocrinological Institute, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
 Cell Motility Unit, Randall Institute, King''s College London, 26&
"Sir William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London. Jan. 10."
"National Radiological Protection Board, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire"
Department of Electrical Engineering and Electronics, &
ge, 4200 Cointe Ougr&
mostase, H&
"MRC Laboratory Animals Centre, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey"
r Pflanzenkrankheiten, Universit&auml
"Institutt for eksperimentalfysikk, N-7034 Trondheim&
 Neurobiologie Mol&
Marine Ecology Laboratory, Bedford Institute of Oceanography, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia&
"Department of Biology, Rutgers University, Newark, New Jersey&
"Instituto de Pesquisas Tecnol&
"Postgraduate School of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University of Auckland"
"Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne. Nov. 2."
INSERM U 132, Hopital Necker-Enfants Malades, 149 rue de S&
bert K&
 Geophysics and &
"Division of Microbiology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA&
JRCAT-ATP, &
ral, &
"Department of Haematology, Charing Cross Hospital and Medical School, London."
"Anatomy Department, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, 62 Chandos Place, W.C.2. Feb. 2."
"Spectroscopy Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
Transg&
"Building Research Station, Garston, Watford, Herts. July 28."
 Forschungsinstitut f&
rologiques et radiopathologiques de l''Association Claude-Bernard, H&
"Division of Biology, Ruder Bo&
bingen, Morgenstelle 8, 7400 T&
"Neuropsychiatric Research Centre, Whitchurch Hospital, Cardiff. Sept. 1."
e et Syst&
"Depts. of Morbid Anatomy and Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1. Nov. 16."
"Department of Experimental Medicine, Medical School, University of the Saar. Jan. 25."
Special Program Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh. Oct. 27."
"Hickson''s Timber Impregnation Co. (G.B.), Ltd., Castleford, Yorkshire.Botany Department, The University, Leeds 2."
At present with British Petroleum, Ltd."
"Medical Research Council Cell Metabolism Research Unit, Department of Biochemistry, University, Sheffield.Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University, Sheffield. Aug. 27.&
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2. Sept. 24.&
"Institute of Applied Microbiology, University of Tokyo. April 1."
"Dominion Bureau of Statistics, Ottawa"
Department of Pediatrics, Harvard Medical School, and &
"Biology Department, Pfeiffer College, Misenheimer, North Carolina."
"Clinical Laboratories, Victoria Infirmary, Glasgow, S.2. April 25."
 E. Bakker, G.-J.B. van Ommen &amp
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
r St&
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Feb. 1."
r Physik und Astrophysik, 8000 Munchen 40, F&
Department of Pharmacology and  &
mica, Divisi&
"Atlantic Oceanographic Laboratory, Bedford Institute, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia"
The Royal Naval Hospital, Haslar, Gosport, Hampshire"
mica, Universidad de Buenos Aires&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., &
Institut de Pathologie Mol&
Present address: Neurophysiological Laboratory Neurochirurgische Universt&auml
On leave from the Institute of Psychiatry, University of London."
Institut e.V., Frankfurt am Main."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. May 31."
"AVCO Research and Advanced Development Division, Medical Science Department, Wilmington, Mass."
"Department of Clinical Research, Graylingwell Hospital, Chichester. Aug. 24."
"Department of Chemical Pharmacology, Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Tokyo."
tre. (Lab. Hormones.)"
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Institute of Child Health, 30 Guilford Street, London WC1."
"Physics Department, The University, Leeds 2."
"FPSE, Universit&
20278
"Oceanographical Institute, Gothenburg."
Department of Chemistry, Jahangirnagar University, Savar, Dacca, Bangladesh"
Max-Planck-lnstitutf&
 and The Scottish Research Reactor Centre, East Kilbride."
Officers of the Division of Food Preservation, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, New South Wales."
ts-Sternwarte, G&
 Libre de Bruxelles, et Laboratoire de Biologie clinique, Fondation M&
"Agricultural Research Council, Animal Breeding Research Organisation, Edinburgh, 9."
"MRC Biophysics Research Unit, 26&
"Clinical Chemotherapeutic Unit of the Medical Research Council, Western Infirmary, Glasgow, W.1. Dec. 18."
Present Address: Chemistry Department, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Mass. 02543."
"Mayurbhanj Chemical Laboratory, Ravenshaw College, Utkal University, Cuttack 3, Orissa. Dec. 22."
"c/o The Bungalow, Steventon Road, East Hanney, Wantage, Berkshire."
"The Observatory, Leyden."
dert&auml
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Dept. of Zoology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Gatty Marine Laboratory and Department of Zoology, St. Andrews."
"Forest Products Laboratory&
"Animal Virus Research Institute, Pirbright, Woking, Surrey."
"Research Department, The Distillers Co., Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey."
 libre de Bruxelles, 67, rue des Chevaux, 1640-Rhode St Gen&
"Department of Geology, Memorial University of Newfoundland, St John''s, Newfoundland"
International Research and Development Co. Ltd., Fossway, Newcastle upon Tyne.&
"Istituto di Fisiologia dell''Universit&agrave
"Research Group in Glycogen Metabolism, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London, W.C.1."
"Brain Research Unit, University of Brussels, 115, Bd. de Waterloo, B 1000 Brussels"
"12 St. Peter''s Square, Hammersmith, London, W.6."
Leukemia Society Scholar."
 To whom the correspondence should be addressed."
"Department of Biology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Algernon Firth Institute of Pathology, School of Medicine, Leeds, 2."
Department of Animal Ecology, Zoological Institute, University of Lund, S-223 62 Lund&
"Metals Laboratory, Metallgesellschaft A.G., Frankfurt (Main). Aug. 30."
"Laboratorio di Cosmo-geofisica del Consiglio Nazionale delle Richerche, Istituto di Fisica Generale dell''Universit&agrave
"Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Rahway, New Jersey 07065"
r Elektronenmikroskopie, Deutsche Forschungsanstalt f&
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Feb. 5."
Present address: Center for Crystallographic Research, Roswell Park Memorial Institute, Buffalo, N.Y., U.S.A."
"Department of Biochemistry, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. Jan. 20."
 High Energy Astrophysics Institute and &
Department of Botany, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, EH9 3JH.&
"Faculty of Agriculture, University of Khartoum."
 GEOTOP, Universit&
"Departamentos de Bioqu&
 European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2, 85748 Garching bei M&
CNR International Laboratory of Genetics and Biophysics, Naples."
zsef Attila University of Sciences, D&
"Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 4."
"Environmental Science Centre Kananaskis, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta."
"Department of Histochemistry, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London.&
Recipient of a research career development award.&
"Horticultural Research Institute, Pretoria."
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Dec. 28."
"University College, Leicester. Jan. 6."
"Wheatstone Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 30."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Division of Building Research, Melbourne.Colonial Sugar Refining Co., Ltd., Research Laboratories, Roseville, New South Wales."
"Institute of Human Nutrition, Bud&
"Departments of Microbiology and &
"Zoophysiological Institute, University, Lund. March 5."
ncias Naturais, Universidade do Rio Grande do Sul, P&
Federal Research Centre for Virus Diseases of Animals, FOB 1149, 7400 T&
"Centre de Recherches sur les Tr&
"Botanical Laboratory, Department of Experimental Botany, University of Leyden."
"Kinneret Limnological Laboratory, PO Box 345, Tiberias"
"Laboratory of Cellular Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of S&
"Chemical Inspectorate, Ministry of Supply, Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, London, S.E.18. Jan. 4."
cules, 6 rue Boussingault, Strasbourg. Nov. 19."
Institute of Marine Resources,&
"Research Department, General Chemicals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Widnes.Hawthorndale Laboratories, Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Central Agricultural Control, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Bracknell, Berks. Aug. 19."
"Abteilung Neurochemie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
ines, Sanofi Recherche, Lab&
"Division of Biochemistry, Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. May 23."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm. Sept. 20."
Neuropathology and &
"Physics Department, Bishop''s University, Lennoxville, P.Q."
"Laboratory for General and Inorganic Chemistry, University of Ghent."
"Clinic for Obstetrics and Gyn&
Present address: University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Zoology, The University, Glasgow G12 8QQ"
r Multiple Sklerose, Josef-Schneider-Strae 11, D-8700 W&
Fellow of the Conselho Nacional de Pesquisas."
Neurobiologie Mol&
"National Institute of Arthritic and Metabolical Diseases, National Institutes of Health
r Organische Chemie und Biochemie, Albert-Ludwigs-Universit&auml
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Nagpur. Nov. 1."
 Laboratory of Antiviral Drug Mechanisms, and &
I. Medizinische Klinik und Poliklinik, Johann Gutenberg Universit&auml
"Department of Soil Fertility and Plant Nutrition, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. Sept. 21."
"Department of Pharmacological Research, Parke, Davis and Company, Hounslow, Middlesex."
"St. Stephens Road Nursery, Ealing, London, W.13. Nov. 5."
"Department of Pharmacological Research, Parke, Davis and Company, Hounslow, Middlesex.&
 Divisions of Cancer Pharmacology and &
"May Institute for Medical Research of the Jewish Hospital of Cincinnati 
"Polymer Research Laboratories, Department of Chemical Technology, Bradford Institute of Technology, Bradford."
Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Rahway, New Jersey."
Laboratory of Cytogenetics, Institut de Recherches sur les Leuc&
"Organic Chemistry Department, Medical Academy, &
ve"
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Berks. March 5."
partment de Biologie Mol&
 Lehrstuhl f&
"East African Institute of Malaria and Vector Borne Diseases, Amani.Government Chemist''s Department, Tanganyika. Jan. 30."
"Smith Kline and French Laboratories, Philadelphia, 1, Pa.&
bingen. Feb. 17."
"Cancer Research Institute, Tata Memorial Centre, Parel, Bombay."
 Skirball Institute for BioMolecular Medicine, and &
"CSIRO Division of Meteorological Physics, Aspendale 3195, Victoria."
"Department of Pathology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London."
"US Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755"
"Department of Biochemistry and the Neurobiology Program, University of North Carolina.&
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Aug. 11."
 Abteilung Neurochemie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
 Fibre Factory, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Nobel Division, Dumfries. Dec. 16."
gne, 60 Compi&
39, D-7400 T&
"Laboratory of Physiology, University of Athens. Sept. 9."
"The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
"Advanced Research Department, Rolls-Royce, Ltd., Derby."
"Tate and Lyle Refineries Ltd., Thames Refinery, London, E.16."
r Genetik und Mikrobiologie, Universit&auml
 To whom correspondence should beaddressed.&
 To whom correspondence should beaddressed."
"Department of Medical Chemistry, and &
i ut 26, Budapest. Oct. 22."
nstlergasse 16, 8006 Z&
"Department of Pharmacy, University of Strathclyde."
"Embryology Laboratory, Department of Anatomy &amp
"Radiological Protection Board, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey"
Sir Henry Wellcome Travelling Fellow.&
"Department of Mineralogy, Swedish Museum of Natural History, Stockholm 50. Jan. 10."
Sir Henry Wellcome Travelling Fellow."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, SW3.&
ONRS&
lov&
"Landwirtschaftliche Forschungsanstalt B&
"Laboratoire de Biochimie et Laboratoire d''Applications des Rayons X, Universit&
"The Salk Institute for Biological Studies and The Clayton Foundation for Research&
"Mozartstraat 1, Arnhem. June 9."
 de Microbiologia, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas, Velazquez 138, Madrid 6."
"Research Department, Murex Welding Processes, Ltd., Waltham Cross, Herts. Aug. 1."
"Department of Biological Sciences, Wye College, University of London. Feb. 6."
"Department of Pediatrics, University of Gr&
"Marine Biology Station, Menai Bridge, Anglesey."
"King''s College Hospital, Dulwich Hospital, London, S.E.22."
 The Veteran&
x000EA
x000EC
x000EB
x000EE
x000ED
x000EF
"East Malling Research Station, Kent. August 11."
"Institute for Petroleum and Organic Geochemistry (ICH-5), KFA-J&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1. Feb. 11."
Laboratory of Gene Structure and Expression, and &
Coll&
"The Institute of Medical Research, The Royal North Shore Hospital of Sydney, Crows Nest, N.S.W."
tique du D&
x000E1
x000E3
x000E2
x000E5
x000E7
x000E6
x000E9
x000E8
Institute for Quaternary Studies      &
Department of Applied Geology, University of Strathclyde and Scottish Universities Research and Reactor Centre, East Kilbride&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.&
r Biochemie, Martinsried-bei-M&
Present addresses: Groupe d''&
HM Factory Inspectorate (Medical Branch), Baynards House, Chepstow Place, London W2.&
"University Chemical Laboratory, Canterbury, KentMax-Planck-Institut f&
Present address: Animal Virus Diseases Research Institute, Pirbright, Woking, Surrey."
Departments ofPathology&
Universiteit van Amsterdam."
"Geology Department, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1."
"Institute for Theoretical and Physical Chemistry, University, Graz."
"Research Laboratory, Wolsey, Ltd., Leicester. Sept. 28."
 and Physiology &
rich, 6."
Present address: Pneumoconiosis Research Unit, Llandough Hospital, Llandough, Penarth, Glamorganshire."
"Pregnancy Diagnosis Laboratory (University of Edinburgh), Warrender Park Road, Edinburgh 9. Dec. 18."
"The Plessey Co., Ltd., Caswell, Towcester, Northants. June 3."
Division of Hematology/Oncology, Children''s Hospital and the Dana Farber Cancer Institute, Department of Pediatrics, Harvard Medical School and &
"Laboratoire de Chimie physique mol&
"Department of Agriculture, Institute of Rural Science, Penglais, Aberystwyth."
 Research, Ltd., Milstead Laboratory of Chemical Enzymology, Sittingbourne, Kent."
a Patol&
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. Feb. 7."
 M. W. Thompson, P. N. Ray &amp
"Department of Microbiology, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, Ontario."
"Istituto di Chimica Generale dell''Universit&agrave
sto, Czechoslovakia."
 Smokovec, Czechoslovakia."
"Anthropos Institute, Moravian Museum, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
"17 Berkeley Place, London, S.W. 19. Sept. 25."
"Institut Pasteur, Annexe &agrave
decine, Universit&
"Kor&
Laboratoire de Cristallochimie (ERA 08), Institut Le Bel, Universit&
"International Centre of Chemical Microbiology, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"Research Department, General Chemicals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Widnes, Lancs. Sept. 17."
 per Ricerche Terapeutiche, Milano. Sept. 16."
"Norwood Technical College, London, S.E.27. Sept. 17."
Tissue Typing Laboratory, Aarhus Kommunehospital&
8055
"Laboratoire de Physiologie pathologique, H&
"Department of Mathematics, University College, Southampton. Sept. 5."
Arbeitsgruppe f&
hrungsphysiologie, 46 Dortmund."
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Tokyo."
pital Necker, 161 rue de S&
Present address: Thornton Research Centre, Shell Research, Ltd., Chester.&
Present address: Institut de Recherche d''H&
"C.S.I.R.O., Radiophysics Laboratory, Sydney."
mobiologie, Unit&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. May 21."
"Guy''s Hospital, London, S.E.l.St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.l."
"Stazione Zoologica, Naples, Institute of Human Physiology, University of Naples."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University, Leeds 2."
pital Le Dantec, Dakar."
 di Medicina, Universit&agrave
Senior Research Fellow of the United States Public Health Service.&
"Bedford College, (University of London), Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Dec. 3."
"Brown&
"Department of Pharmacology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Oct. 25."
"Institute of Paleobiology, Polish Academy of Sciences, Al. &
"Medical Physics Unit, University of Edinburgh."
Department of Biochemistry, Kumamoto University Medical School, Kumamoto&
"Department of Mathematics, King''s College, London WC2."
, Universit&
"Departments of Medicine and Physics, Royal Free Hospital, London, W.C.1."
Lyon 8e."
"Laboratoire de Microbiologie, Institut de Botanique g&
 Research, Ltd., Woodstock Agricultural Research Centre, Sittingbourne, Kent."
 Biochemistry/Biophysicsand&
"Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College, London W8"
 de Neurobiologie et Pharmacologie (U. 109) de I''lNSERM, Centre Paul Broca, 2ter rue d''Al&
"Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1.Department of Biochemistry, University College, London."
"Medical Research Council Blood Transfusion Research Unit, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Department of Physics, University of Western Ontario. Feb. 5."
e du Rh&
"Surface Physics Section, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd.,Research Laboratory, Aldermaston Court, Berkshire."
"Research Department, C.A.V., Ltd., London, W.3."
 de Neurobiologie Mol&
Ardil&
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn, Herts. March 22."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
 CERMAV(CNRS), BP68, 38402 Saint Martin d''H&
Paul Scherrer Institut, c/o ETH-H&
"Department of Anatomy, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London, EC1.Nuffield Institute of Comparative Medicine, Zoological Society, Regent''s Park, NW1.Department of Haematology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, EC1."
r Allgemeine Mikrobiologie der Universit&auml
University Department of Human Genetics, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh EH4 2HU&
"Chemistry Department, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3. June 24."
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. Aug. 5."
Laboratoire de Neurobiologie des comportements, Universit&
"Laboratorio di Microbiologia, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Badhuisweg 3, Amsterdam-N."
"Veterinary Medical Research Institute of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest."
"Polska Akademia Nauk, Zaklad Paleozoologii, 02&
Departments of Immunobiology, &
dimentation et Diag&
"Barnato Joel Laboratories, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Nov. 29."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield, S10 2TN"
"Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London."
"Astronomische Institut der Universit&auml
"Research Laboratory, Tate and Lyle Ltd., Keston, Kent. Sept. 23."
"Radcliffe Observatory, Pretoria. Feb. 18."
 Laboratory of Molecular Biology, &
nchen, Maria Ward Str. 1a, 8000 M&
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey."
ejov."
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex."
Supported by a grant from the Wellcome Trust."
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex.&
"Departments of &
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough"
National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Fellow, 1956&
"Plant Physiological Laboratory, College of Agriculture, Banaras Hindu University, Banaras. March 2."
"Department of Cancer Research, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middlesex."
"Department of Physiology, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario."
cs. June 9."
r Humangenetik und Anthropologie der Universit&auml
"Victorian Department of Agriculture, Victorian Plant Research Institute and Division of Animal Health, Melbourne."
"Laboratorium voor Microbiologie, Technische Hogeschool, Delft. March 17.&
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Ministry of Power, Sheffield, 1."
"Fulham Laboratory, North Thames Gas Board, King''s Road, London, S.W.6. Feb. 19."
 Research, Ltd., P.O. Box 1, Chester. Jan. 16."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm. Aug. 10."
 Permanent addresses: Laboratoires d''Ultrasons et de Dynamique des Fluides Complexes, Universit&
"Department of Animal Physiology, College of Agriculture, Pozna&
Present address: Department of Biochemistry &amp
"Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow. May 23."
"Plant Industry Station, Beltsville, Md.University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, N.C. Aug. 20."
Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry and &
"Blood Bank and Blood-Grouping Laboratory, University Hospital of &
obotany, 53 University Road, Lucknow. Sept. 1."
"National Blood Transfusion Service, Northfield Road, Sheffield 10. Aug. 11."
nchen, Veterin&auml
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of S&
Institut Laue-Langevin, 156X, 38042 Grenoble C&
Institute of Experimental Dermatology, University of M&
Present address: Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology, London."
"Department of Pathology, University of Sheffield."
Gren''s Institute, Stockholm. March 12."
r Geologie und Pal&auml
 Developmental Endocrinology Branch, NICHD, and &
"Centre d''Etude des Mati&
de, Universidade Federal Rio de Janeiro, Cidade Universit&
"Laboratorium voor Kristallografie en Studie van Vaste Stoffen, Rozier 6, Ghent."
"British Launderers'' Research Association, Hill View Gardens, Hendon, London, N.W.4."
"Department of Materials, College of Aeronautics, Cranfield, Bedford."
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Vitamins, Ltd., Tadworth, Surrey."
"Department of Physics, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne.Cottage Laboratories, Ltd., Portsmouth Road, Cobham, Surrey."
"Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds. March 29."
 Westf&auml
"Department of Biology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine (University of London), Hunter Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Feb. 25."
National Research Council Post-doctoral Fellow 1957&
"Department of Radiobiology, Centre d''Etude de l''Energie Nucl&
Zwartkraal, Prince Albert"
"Department of Pharmaceutics, School of Pharmacy, University of London, Brunswick Square, London WC1N 1AX"
"Institute of Biochemistry,Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow."
Present Address&
"Department of Gastroenterology, State University, Leyden.&
"The British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Feb. 17."
NAS/NRC Resident Research Associate"
"Research Department, General Chemicals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Widnes, Lancs. Sept. 14."
timent 110, Facult&
DPh/E.P, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Department of Surgery, Finsen Institute and the Finsen Laboratory, Copenhagen."
Groupe de Recherches de G&
Departments of Immunology&
"Istituto di Chimica Biologica, Universit&
"Departments of Molecular Biology&
r Biophysikalische Chemie, 37077 G&
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, South Melbourne, S.C.4"
National Academy of Sciences senior research associate."
"Psychiatric Research Unit and Department of Psychiatry, University Hospital, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan"
"Materials Division, Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead."
"ARC Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College, Ashford, Kent."
"Zoology Department, University of Edinburgh. July 20."
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr. Jan. 26."
"Institute of Medical Science, University of Tokyo, Takanawa, Tokyo"
Postdoctoral Fellow, National Heart Institute, U.S. Public Health Service."
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Nov. 23."
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Research Division, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
Postdoctoral Research Fellow of the National Science Foundation of the United States."
r Mathematik, Universit &
Biological Institute of the Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen."
Present address: Department of Physiology, Queen''s College, Dundee."
"Endocrine Unit, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London W12 0HS"
"Mullard Research Laboratories, Redhill, Surrey."
"Laboratory for Cellular Radiobiology, Institute &
dicale, 27 Bd Le&
mica S/A., S&
en, F&
"Division of Biology (216&
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead, Berks. June 26."
Medicineand &
"Gyn&
, G. Vaula&
Research fellow sponsored by Gulbenkian Foundation (Lisbonne)."
partement de Microbiologie et d''Immunologie, Facult&
Institut de M&
"Cell &amp
"Government Vitamin Laboratory, Norwegian Fisheries Research Institute, Bergen."
Departamento de Ecolog&
tudes mordiques, Universit&
"Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks."
"Department of Botany, King''s College, University of London.&
"Department of Botany, King''s College, University of London."
"Fisheries Experiment Station (Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries), Conway, North Wales. Aug. 11."
t Bayreuth, Universit&auml
"Research Laboratories, Kodak Limited, Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex. Oct. 16."
"Department of Physics, Northern Polytechnic, London, N.7.&
"Atlantic Regional Laboratory, National Research Council, Halifax, Nova Scotia. Oct. 10."
"National Chemical Laboratory, Poona, 8."
, J. Henry&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. May 22."
r Kristallographie und Petrographie, ETH Z&
 di Bologna. Jan. 20."
"Blood-grouping Department, State Serum Institute, Copenhagen. July 7."
"Division of Physics, National Research Council, Ottawa."
 de Medecine
J. F. Hejtmancik &amp
"Radio Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Slough, Bucks. Jan. 14."
"Institute of Histology and Embryology, Budapest Medical University."
 Libre, Brussels."
to, Department of Clinical Medicine, Ribeir&
ralogie et Cristallographie, Universit&
Senior investigator, Endocrinology Branch, National Cancer Institute."
"Groupe NB, Inserm U. 114, Coll&
r Biologie (Abt. Weidel), T&
"Depto. de F&
t, Freiburg i. Br."
"Laboratories of Disease and Environmental Stress, Bureau of Biological Research, Rutgers&
"Department of Oceanagraphy, The University, Liverpool L69 3BX"
  To whom correspondence should be addressed."
t, Hamburg."
 and I. Medizinische Universit&auml
tudes, Tunis. Oct. 29."
, J. Gheuens&
"        &
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, Wheatstone Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Sept. 6."
"Research Department, &
Swedish Institute Fellow, 1956&
ln, 5,000 K&
dicale, U 289, Laboratoire de M&
"Natural Environment Research Council, The Nature Conservancy, 19-20 Belgrave Square, London SW1"
"Inorganic Chemistry Research Laboratories, Imperial College, London, S.W.7 June 18."
bingen, 7400 T&
t Bonn, Institut f&
"National Institute for Research in Dairying, Shinfield, Berks. Feb. 22."
culaire, Institut de Recherche en Biologie Mol&
"Department of Anatomy, The University, Liverpool. Sept. 12."
"Institutt for Geologi, Universitetet Blindern, Oslo."
Department of Physiology, and &
"Department of Botany, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Oct. 28."
"Dental School, King''s College Hospital Medical School, (University of London), London, S.E.5. June 10."
Authors to whom correspondence should be addressed&
"Pneumoconiosis Research Unit (Cardiff), Llandough Hospital, Penarth, Glamorgan. May 20."
"214 St Margaret''s Road, Twickenham, Middlesex."
Centre de Recherches, Soci&
"Ministry of Supply, Royal Radar Establishment, Leigh Sinton Road, Malvern, Worcs. April 4."
"Department of Geography, Birkbeck College, University of London."
"Surgical and Physiological Departments, Veterinary College, University of Ghent. Dec. 19."
"Tuberculosis Immunization Research Centre, c/o Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen."
"Department of Veterinary Physiology, University Veterinary School, Glasgow."
On secondment from the Royal Greenwich Observatory"
"Department of Botany, University College, London, W.C.1 May 11.&
diatric Research Unit, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, Guy''s Hospital, London, S.E.1."
"Biology Division, Institute Rudjer Bo&
"Department of Chemistry, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews."
 To whom correspondence should be the addressed."
"Zoology Dept., King''s College (University of London), Strand, W.C.2. June 27."
"Departments of Psychiatry, Pharmacology and Anesthesiology, Biological Sciences Research Center, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"Faculty of Agriculture, Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology, Fuchu-shi, Tokyo."
"Wellcome Chemical Laboratories, Ministry of Health, Khartoum. April 30."
"Pharmaceuticals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd, Alderley Park, Cheshire&
Laboratoire pour L''utilisation du Rayonnement Electromagn&
"Department of Veterinary Services, Veterinary Research Laboratory, Blantyre, Nyasaland. July 30."
"Dept. of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Sugar Chemistry and Technology, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, British West Indies. May 16."
cs. Dec. 10."
pital de laSalp&
"Department of Microbiology, Presbyterian&
"Institute for Experimental Immunology, Department of Pathology, University of Z&
"British Petroleum Co., Ltd., Petroleum Division, BP Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
"Cancer Research Department, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
"British Petroleum Co., Ltd., Petroleum Division, BP Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex.&
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Jan. 29."
"Mineralogisch-Petrographisches Institut, Universit&auml
Chaire dePal&
At present ICAS visitor in the Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
"Port Moresby General Hospital, Papua.Peter MacCallum Clinic, Melbourne."
"State Bacteriological Laboratory, Box 764, Stockholm 1. April 21."
"Biochemistry Department, The Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Ayr."
Laboratory of General and Comparative Biochemistry, National Institute of Mental Health&
"Department of Geology, University of Ibadan"
"Division of Enzymology, Chicago Medical School, Chicago."
 GIS Oc&
Present address: Vokes, Ltd., Guildford, Surrey."
Scuola Normale Superiore, Dipartimento Matematico dell''Universit&agrave
Operated by the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research with sponsorship of the National Science Foundation."
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay."
"Structures Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire."
"Nuclear Physics Division, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire"
canique, Universit&
6274
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Mineral Chemistry, Fishermen''s Bend, Victoria."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London."
Fellow of the Life Insurance Medical Research Fund."
Rothney Astrophysical Observatory, Physics Department, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4"
"Department of Psychology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario. June 23.&
"Physiolog. Chem. Institut der Universit&auml
r Multiple Sklerose, D-8700 W&
Department of Geology,&
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Nov. 18."
Service de Microbiologie appliqu&
 Cancer Studies and &
ssle-Clinic, Institute for Medicine and Biology, German Academy of Sciences, Berlin&
Arthritis Center, and Departments of &
Present address: Virus and Tissue Culture Unit, Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, West Point, Penn., U.S.A."
"Centro de Estudios de Lisboa de Lisboa. Feb. 17."
Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics, Heidelberg&
On leave from the Department of Medicine, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London.&
"Department of Hygiene and Applied Physiology, Swiss Federal School of Technology, Zurich."
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot."
Oceanographic Sciences Division and &
"Department of Chemistry and Applied Chemistry, University of Salford, Salford, Lancashire."
Present address: Department of Pure and Applied Physics, Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford 5."
LURE Bat. 209-D Universit&
Present address: Pathology Section, East Malling Research Station, near Maidstone, Kent."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Nov. 11."
"Akers Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts.General Chemicals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Research Department, Widnes Laboratory, Widnes, Lanes. July 9."
Detailed dates given in text. "
"Department of Hygiene and Applied Physiology, Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich."
 Company, Inc., Central Research &amp
"Wellcome Trust Research Laboratories, PO Box 43640, Nairobi"
"The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. June 23."
, Florence."
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Portobello Street, Sheffield. Nov. 9."
"Department of Pathology, Hammersmith Hospital, and Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London. April 10.&
re de la Culture, Direction G&
National Institutes of Health predoctoral fellow."
"Department of Physiology and Biochemistry, Bute Medical Buildings, St. Andrews."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Aug. 9."
historique d''Am&
"Department of Microchemistry, University, Brussels. April 6."
Pasteur Vaccins S.A., 1 Bd. R. Poincar&
"Carlsberg Laboratory, Copenhagen. July 30.&
 de Lummy, 70, route L&
ck Center for Molecular Medicine, Robert-R&
Department of Anatomy and Cell Biology, Universit&auml
"Department of Animal Genetics, Nutrition and Hygiene, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm"
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex.Department of Pathology, Queen Mary''s Hospital, Roehampton, London, S.W.15."
Laboratoryof Applied Physics, University of Link&
School of Environmental Scien&
Dr. Shedden is a member of the Medical Research Council Virus Group."
"Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Preventive Medicine, University of Glasgow Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden, Glasgow."
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Mylnefield, Invergowrie, by Dundee."
"GAF Corporation, 1361 Alps Road, Wayne, New Jersey 07470"
"Department of Zoology, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Dec. 4."
University of K&
Present address: Vision Research Unit (M.R.C.) Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1, England."
"Department of Physics, College of Engineering, Zielona G&
 Libre de Bruxelles Clinique M&
Present address : Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Limited, Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston. Feb. 24."
Hautklinik der Westf&auml
"Atomic Energy Division, Geological Survey and Museum, Exhibition Road, London, S.W.7. Dec. 6."
ral Leclerc, 94274 Le Kremlin-Bic&
"Institute of Endocrinology, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. May 5."
dtischen Rudolf-Virchow-Krankenhauses, Berlin."
t Bonn, Abteilung f&
 des Sciences, Universit&
Present address: Division of Applied Biology, National Research Council, Ottawa."
"Institute of Orthopaedics, Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex."
rich and Institut f&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. March 8.&
"Laboratory of Phytopathology, University of Louvain."
"Sacred Heart Hospital, Pensaeola, Fla."
Material Science, Department of Civil Engineering and Building,Brighton College of Technology.&
Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory&
Department of Radiotherapy and Clinical Research Center, University of Link&
University College of Wales, Aberystwyth, Cardiganshire"
"Department of Pathology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
"Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, Sydney, New South Wales. Dec. 12."
"MRC Cell Biophysics Unit, University of London, King''s College Biophysics Department, 26&
 Scientifique et M&
Department of Physiology and Biophysics, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Imperial College of Science, Technology &amp
x000B8
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2.Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London, E.C.1. Oct. 14."
stervoldgade 5&
orique et Hautes Energies, Facult&
Max Planck Institut fur Extraterrestrische Physik, Garching bei M&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University College, London, W.C.1. June 20."
x000B0
"Department of Medical Biophysics, Medicinaregatan 11, S-413 90 G&
"Blood Transfusion Department, Armed Forces Medical College, Poona. Aug. 21."
Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories, and Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London W6 0XG&
"Institute of Physiology, Medical University, P&
Botany Division Substation, c/o Soil Bureau, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Private Bag, Lower Hutt&
"Biochemical Institute, Helsinki. Aug. 30."
"Banana Research Scheme, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, B.W.I. Dec. 28."
tique de l''INSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
Department of Organic Chemistry, The H. C. &
62 Gray''s Inn Road, London WC1."
Present address: Institute for Research in Human Reproduction, Behjatabad, 1/37 Esfandiary Street, Tehran."
"Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Fishermen''s Bend, Melbourne."
r biophysikalische Chemie, Postfach 968, D-3400, G&
Centre de Recherches sur les Trypanosomoses Animales, Bobo-Dioulasso, Haute-Volta"
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University, Edinburgh. Aug. 4."
Permanent address: Istituto di Ricerche Farmacologiche &
 di Roma, Centro di Studi della Microcitemia e delle Anemie microcitemiche.Sezione di Cosenza del Centro Studi della Microcitemia e delle Anemie Microcitemiche Cosenza."
"Main Laboratory, Schering AG, Berlin."
65 Chandos Place, London, W.C.2."
ria-krt. 114. May 25."
cology I, University Central Hospital, Helsinki."
"Department of Physics, The College of Technology, Portsmouth.University of Kent, Canterbury."
"Nuclear Physics Research Laboratories, Liverpool. Aug. 30."
Department of Biophysics and Theoretical Biology, and &
Beirne B. Carter Center for Immunology Research, and the Departments of&
r Quantenoptik, D-8046 Garching b. M&
"Botany School, University, Sydney.&
tologie, H&
timent 409, Universit&
partemental de Transfusion Sanguine, Rouen, Seine-Maritime."
Waksman&
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Isleworth, Middlesex.&
a General y Embriologia, Facultad de Ciencias M&
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Isleworth, Middlesex."
"Rutherford High Energy Laboratory, National Institute for Research in Nuclear Science, Chilton, Didcot, Berkshire."
Cardiology and &
"Queen Mary College, University of London."
Present address: Chemistry Department, University of Edinburgh."
Section of Neurology&
"Chemistry Department, King''s Buildings, Edinburgh 9. March 4."
Present address: Neuroscience Research Centre, Merck, Sharp &amp
, Cell Biologydagger
Physiology,&
"Laboratory of Cardiac/Membrane Physiology, and&
Protein Crystallography, &
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Fisheries Radiobiological Laboratory, Hamilton Dock, Lowestoft, Suffolk."
Present address: International Atomic Energy Agency Laboratories, Mus&
nna Sjukhuset, S- 214 01 Malm&
 Permanent address: Institute of Virology 81703, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
Kinderklinik der Technischen Universit&auml
"Geriatric Unit, Old Peoples Town, Copenhagen.Department of Biochemistry and Nutrition, Polytechnic Institute, Copenhagen."
"Department of Anatomy, Makerere University College Medical School, Kampala.Unit of Primate Biology (Smithsonian Institution), London."
"Post Office Research Station, Dollis Hill, London NW2"
"M.R.C. Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Nov. 21."
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey.Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Mass. May 13."
r Z&
INSERM U 25, H&
"Blood Products Research Unit, Lister Institute, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1. Oct. 10."
"British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, Welwyn Garden City, Herts. Oct. 28."
"Institutes of Physics and Organic Chemistry, University of Uppsala. May 1."
"Chemotherapeutisches Forschungsinstitut, Georg-Speyer-Haus, Paul-Ehrlich-Strasse 42&
"Department of Biological Science, Wye College, University of London. Aug. 4."
r Neurobiologie, Freie Universit&auml
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 7."
"British Baking Industries Research Association, Chorleywood, Herts."
"Institute of Endocrinology, Gunma University, Maebashi."
rale, Institut Agronomique, Universit&
"Veterinary Research Institute of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest.State Institute of Hygiene, Budapest."
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Koenji, Suginami-ku, Tokyo. July 15."
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, by Dundee. Oct. 15."
"Central Laboratory, Milton Road, Portsmouth, Hampshire. Sept. 12."
"Department of Physiology, University College, Cardiff CF1 1XL"
 de Nancy I&
 Libre de Bruxelles, Rhode Sainte Genese, 1640 Belgique&
Department of Pediatrics, James Whitcomb Riley Hospital for Children,            &
Otto-Warburg-Laboratorium, Max-Planck-Institut f&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute M-047 and&
r Chemie Leuna-Merseburg."
 Catholique de Louvain, Tour Van Helmont, Paste 7340, Avenue E. Mounier, 73, 1200 Brussels&
re, 47 Bd. de I''H&
Hillhead High School, Southpark Avenue, Glasgow&
"Synthelabo&
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Nov. 17."
"The Wright-Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Protozoan Genetics Unit, Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh."
teborg. July 15."
"Department of Taxonomie Zoology, University of &
 Institute f&
"Brewing Industry Research Foundation, Nutfield, Surrey. April 17."
"Laboratoire d''Embryologie G&
"Institut Pasteur, Laboratoire de Biologie Mol&
"King''s College, London, W.C.2. Dec. 1."
"Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, Goldhawk Road, London W6"
"Department of Parasitology, Moredun Institute, Edinburgh.&
9. Jan. 28."
t, 355 Marburg"
r Angewandte Botanik, Technische Hochschule, M&
"Westminster Hospital School of Medicine, Horseferry Road, London, S.W.1. Jan. 15."
"Department of Physical Sciences, Wyo College, University of London."
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. April 1."
"Isotope Research Division, Wantage Research Laboratory (Atomic Energy Research Establishment), Berkshire. July 21."
"Otto Warburg Laboratorium, Max Planck Institut f&
"Institute of General Physiology, University, Ferrara. Feb. 23."
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, Melbourne. May 9."
ologique et g&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London.&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London."
"Wye College (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent. Sept. 20."
r Technische Chemie, Technische Hochschule, 8 Munich."
t, Berlin."
"The Carlos and Marguerite Mason Transplantation Research Center, &
Present address: Deputy Director, Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. May 21."
Present addresses: Laboratoire de G&
"Physics Department, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. June 25."
"New South Wales Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, Sydney."
ologic, de I''Ecole Normale Sup&
"University, Nottingham. June 27."
"Marine Biological Station, Millport. April 30."
"Norsk Hydro''s Institute for Cancer Research, Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo. Sept. 24."
ralogie-Cristallographie associ&
Laboratoire de Chimie des Interactions Mol&
"Research and Development Department, Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Gloucester."
"Division of Animal Physiology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Prospect, New South Wales.District Agricultural Centre, Department of Agriculture, Hamilton, Victoria."
Also Program in Archaeology."
rio da Sa&
"Clinic of Neurology, Palack&
"Laboratorio de Investigaciones, Departamento Cient&
"Institute of Advanced Studies, Princeton, New Jersey 08540"
r Biologie III, Sch&auml
 Geosciences and Environmental Technologies Department (L-206),&
 MRC Brain Metabolism Unit,Royal Edinburgh Hospital, Morningside Park, Edinburgh,UK"
6415), U.S. Public Health Service."
Department of Clinical Genetics and &
"Department of Physics, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
r experimentelle Medizin, Abt. Molekulare Biologie 34 G&
"Department of Physics, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.&
"Departments of Anatomy and Physiology, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1. Sept. 17."
"Laboratorium voor Kristalkunde, Geologisch Instituut, Rozier, 6, Ghent. Feb. 25."
Research Fellow of The John Polachek Foundation."
"Genetics Laboratory, Animal Breeding and Genetics Research Organisation, Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9. June 5."
Alexander Fleming&
"Mozartstraat 1, Arnhem. Feb. 1."
"Institute of Diseases of the Chest, Brompton, London, S.W.3."
 Copenhagen University Observatory,&
The author''s name has recently been changed from Raymond Fox to Reuven Opher.&
"Department of Microbiology, Molecular Genetics &amp
"Istituto di Fisica, Universit&agrave
Hopital Necker&
 and Pharmacology&
"Civil Engineering Department, University College, Cardiff"
r Medizinische Chemie, W&auml
"Departmentof Animal &amp
"Department of Physics, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1.&
"Department of Physics, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Biology Unit, Laboratory of Nuclear Medicine, Free University of Brussels Medical School, 115 Boulevard de Waterloo, Brussels 1000"
"Research and Development Division, Hughes Aircraft Company."
 Department of Neurology and Department of Molecular Biology and Pharmacology, and &
"Tuberculosis Research Laboratory, Cantacuzino Institute, Bucharest."
"Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory,&
"Wistar Institute, 36th Street at Spruce, Philadelphia. Oct. 19."
r Geowissenschaften, Universit&auml
x00117
Department of Geology and Geophysics, Woods Hole Oc&
ologic et Oceanographie, Universit&
decine Experim&
"Department of Botany, King''s College, University of London. Oct. 2."
Permanent address: Max Planck Institute for Psychiatry, D-8000, M&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Edinburgh.Chemistry Department, The University, Glasgow, W.2. Sept. 16."
"Prion Disease Group, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics, St Mary''sHospital Medical School, Norfolk Place, London W2 1PG,UK&
x0011B
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. July 22."
"Meteorological Office, Edinburgh. Jan. 16."
 Department of Information Science and Graphics, College of Arts and Sciences, University of Tokyo, 3&
, 81531 Curitiba, Paran&
"Biological Laboratory, Roche Products, Ltd., Welwyn Garden City. Aug. 13."
"Department of Botany, National Museum of Wales, Cardiff."
umerstrasse 4, 8803 R&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. June 20."
"Faculty of Veterinary Medicine and Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo."
Department of Zoology, The University, Liverpool."
Regina Elena&
teborg, Fack, S-400 33 G&
Resolving power: 138-120, 200-171 and 140-120 at 4,000-5,100, 5,600-6,800 and 7,500-9,400 cm-1, respectively.&
Medical student research grantee.&
Osservatorio Astronomico di Torino, I-10025 Pino Torinese, Italia"
"Superconductivity Research Laboratory, International Superconductivity Technology Center, 1&
t, Sigwartstrasse 10, D-7400 T&
"Laboratoire de Physique, Institut de Pharmacodynamie, Universit&
decine et de Chirurgie Exp&
 Laboratoire de Physique Num&
 and Medicine Branch&
II. Physikalisches Institut der Universit&auml
t, Wien. Dec. 14."
 de Montr&
"Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research, Lausanne."
Rutgers Medical School, P.O. Box 101, Piscataway, New Jersey 08854"
aire et d''Opto&
culaire, Coll&
"Faculty of Medicine, Humboldt University, Berlin."
"Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, London.Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Hunterian Museum, University of Glasgow."
"Physics Department, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Sept. 7."
Institut Pasteur, 25&
r Neurobiologie, Kernforschungsanlage J&
"Institute for Molecular Genetics and &
"Research Laboratory, Tate and Lyle, Ltd., Ravensbourne, Westerham Road, Keston, Kent. Dec. 9."
"Department of Medicine,&
"CSIRO Division of Forestry Products, Melbourne."
Permanent address: Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, L. E&
"Research and Development Department, Distillers Co., Ltd., Epsom, Surrey. April 8."
Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974&
Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974"
Department of Pediatrics, St G&
lkcentralen, Stockholm. Nov. 11."
o Paulo, 01051 S&
"British Jute Trade Research Association, Kinnoull Road, Kingsway West, Dundee. June 28."
"Radiobiological Research Institute, Pentz K&
"Astrophysics Research Unit, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire.&
Institute of Geology and &
"Laboratory of Zoophysiology, University, Louvain."
 Libre de Bruxelles. April 3."
Present address: East Malling Research Station, Maidstone, Kent."
"Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Department of Medicine, Cardiology Division, &
Laboratory of Immunology, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
28033
Protein &amp
"Building Research Station, Garston, Watford, Herts."
Acknowledgement is made of the sponsorship of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation that made it possible for Dr. Galmarini to collaborate in this work. Present address: Catedra de Quimica Organica, Facultad de Ingenieria, Buenos Aires.&
"Division of Protein Chemistry (formerly Biochemistry Unit), Wood Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parkville, N.2, Melbourne. Jan. 8."
"Division of Biochemical Cell Research, The Institute for Infectious Diseases, University of Tokyo, Shiba Shirokane-Daimachi, Minato-ku, Tokyo. April 5."
Recipient of a U.S. Public Health Service award (GMK 3509)."
"Birkbeck College Electronic Computation Laboratory, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. Dec. 15."
"Entomology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 27."
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of St. Andrews Medical School, Dundee.Department of Veterinary Pathology, Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, Edinburgh.Research Department, Biochemistry Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. April 26."
"Robert-R&
Department of Genetics and Development&
Laboratory of Molecular Biology and &
"Mount Makulu Research Station, Chilanga, Northern Rhodesia."
Oncology, &
"The Wistar Institute, 36th Street at Spruce, Philadelphia 4. Sept. 22."
United States Steel Foundation Fellow."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh. June 12."
"Laboratoire d''Optique Appliqu&
"Department of Pure and Applied Chemistry, Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford, 5."
"Medical Research Council Group on Demyelinating Diseases, King''s College and Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne."
rales, University of Li&
Department of Biochemistry, Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology, Itabashi-ku, Tokyo 173&
vres, Seine-et-Oise."
culaire Du Coll&
on Fredericq Chimie Physiologique, Universit&
"48 Queens Road, Wimbledon, London SW19 8hR"
Present address: University of Sheffield, Sheffield 10."
Neurologische Universit&auml
"Electrical Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Greenford, Middlesex."
Imperial College,Blackett Laboratory, Prince Consort Road, London SW7 2AZ,UK&
"Department of Zoology, University College of the West Indies. Oct. 8."
"Laboratoirede Dynamique des Interactions Mol&
Department of Neurology and &
Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow"
Laboratory ofPsychology and Psychopathology and &
"British Petroleum, Ltd., Britannic House, Moor Lane, London, EC2."
 L''H&
otectonique, Universit&
Ecology Graduate Group and &
"Laboratory of Organic Chemistry, Osaka Women''s University, Osaka. Nov. 7."
Present address: 21 Hawthorn Grove, Rodley, Leeds, Yorkshire."
rgensen Laboratory for Fermentation, Copenhagen."
ric Joliot Curie&
"Department of Physics, College of Technology, Portsmouth, Hampshire.Admiralty Surface Weapons Establishment, Portsmouth, Hampshire."
"Laboratorio de Neurobiolog&
Institute of Molecular Biology, Department I, University of Z&
On leave of absence from the U.S. Army Materials Research Agency Watertown."
 Groupe de Physique des Solides, Universit&
"Institute for Theoretical and Physical Chemistry, University, Graz. Dec. 23."
chtungsforschung, Cologne.&
Fellow of Unesco Fund."
"Royal Air Force Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hants.Group Pathology Laboratory, Lakin Road, Warwick."
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedfordshire."
" Institut f&
"Laboratory of Viral Oncology, Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, 94&
17 Young Street, London, W.8."
o Paulo. Sept. 1."
bingen&
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Cancer Institute Board, 278 William Street, Melbourne, Victoria."
bingen"
Laboratory of Immunochemistry, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute,  and Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, Brigham and Women''s Hospital
"Department of Botany, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Southeastern Forest Experiment Station, Forest Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Asheville, N.C."
culaire, Route de Mende, BP 5051, 34033 Montpellier C&
"Physiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Department of Biochemistry, Wilson College, Bombay"
"The Electrical Research Association, Cleeve Road, Leatherhead, Surrey.&
rapeutique, Facult&
"The Electrical Research Association, Cleeve Road, Leatherhead, Surrey."
ration), Laboratoire de G&
"Laboratoryfor Neural Networks, Frontier Research Program, RIKEN, Wako, Saitama 351&
Department of Microbiology and Immunology and The George Williams Hooper Foundation, &
"Anatomisches Institut der Universit&auml
ln."
"Toxicology Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey"
r angewandte Physik der Universit&auml
r Biophysik und Physikalische Biochemie, Universit&auml
Department of theGeophysical Sciences, &
dics, Royal National Orthop&
 libre de Bruxelles. March 24."
 di Padova.Centro Strutturistica Chimica C.N.R., Padova.Istituto Chimica Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Institute of Nuclear Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
Institute of Zoology and Parasitology, University of M&
"CSIRO Division of Entomology, Canberra City."
MRC Research Group on Haemolytic Mechanisms, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London.&
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Sept. 26."
"Laboratory of Experimental Endocrinology&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. Jan. 10."
 Fachbereich Physik, Universit&auml
Also at Laboratoire L.A. 195.&
"School of Physics &amp
r Biophysikalische Chemie, Abteilung Biochemische Kinetik, 34 G&
CNR Centro di Patologia Cellulare, Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
Post-doctoral Fellow of U.S. Public Health Service.&
"Zoology Department, Faculty of Science, Farouk University, Alexandria. Dec. 31."
Institute of Geological Sciences, Granton, Edinburgh&
"Institute of Physiology, University of Buenos Aires Medical School.&
rinaire d''Alfort (Seine)."
r Mikrobiologie, Technische Universit&auml
"Kristineberg Zoological Station, Fiskeb&auml
"Department of Pharmacology, London Hospital Medical College, University of London, Turner Street, London, E.1. June 2."
"4 Raymead Way, Fetcham, Surrey.Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1. Jan. 13."
 Center for Neurologic Disease, Division of Neurology, and &
"Admiralty Oil Laboratory, Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex."
Ecole Nationale Sup&
Department of Human Genetics, Leiden State University, Leiden&
"Division of Electrical Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington.&
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. Nov. 6."
"Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow. Sept. 17."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit,Department of Physics, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12.&
Deceased"
Address for reprints, Minderbroedersstraat
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. April 7."
"Primate Behaviour Research Laboratories (Institute of Psychiatry), Bethlem Royal Hospital, Monks Orchard Road, Beckenham, Kent."
 Institute of Molecular Biology, Department I, University of Z&
Present address: Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Mereside, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
dicale de Grenoble, BP 53X, 38041 Grenoble C&
1965)."
Cardiovascular Research Institute and Daiichi Research Center, Departments of &
 244, Laboratoire de M&
Present address: Fakult&auml
"St. Stephens Road Nursery, Ealing, London, W.13. May 9."
"Departments of Pathology and &
"Botany Department, Leeds University. Dec. 31."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Oct. 2."
"Zoology Department, Faculty of Science, University of Alexandria."
 Organic Chemistry and &
Present address: Institut d''Immuno-Biologie, H&
"Department of Geology, University of Khartoum, Khartoum."
"British Gelatine and Glue Research Association, 2a Dalmeny Avenue, Holloway, London, N.7. Nov. 21."
"Centrallaboratoriet, Kommunehospitalet, and Universitetets Fysisk-Kemiske Institut, Copenhagen."
rapeutique Exp&
"Physics Department, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London Bridge, S.E.1."
"Istituto Chimico, Centro Studi di Chimica Fisica del Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Universit&
Present address: Central Dockyard Laboratory, Exposure Trials Station, Eastney, Portsmouth."
matology, Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Psychology,Department of Biochemistry, North Dakota State University, Fargo, North Dakota."
"Department of Psychology, Davie Hall, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"ICRF Tumour Virus Group, Department of Pathology and  &
"Laboratoire d''Hormonologie, l''&
"Istituto di Ricerche Terapeutiche &
t Tubingen and Medizinische Universit&auml
Department of Biophysics, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
Present address : Central Electricity Generating Board, Biological Laboratories, Grove Road Generating Station, Lodge Road, London, N.W.8."
"Zoological Museum, and Institute for Comparative Anatomy, Copenhagen."
Address for correspondence: Apartado 700, M&
culaire,   D&
"Zoological Laboratory, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. Dec. 7."
"Vision Research Unit, (Medical Research Council), Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. Sept. 19."
Laboratory of Cellular Carcinogenesis and Tumor Promotion and &
Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo."
Pharmakologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QQ&
sica Biolo&
"Genetics Department, University of Sheffield, and the Centre for Human Genetics, Sheffield.Rampton Hospital, Retford, Notts.Genetics Department, University of Sheffield, and the Centre for Human Genetics, Sheffield.&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Jan. 12."
Present address: Department of Genetics, The University, Glasgow, W.2."
Paleomagnetisch Laboratorium, &
Department of Molecular Biology, University of Brussels, 1640&
Permanent address: Malm&
"Argonne Cancer Research Hospital&
"Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research, Bugnon 21, 1011 Lausanne"
"Ministry of Technology, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire."
ssischen Technischen Hochschule, ETH-Zentrum Universit&auml
"Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research, Yonkers, N.Y."
"Istituto di Medicina Legale e delle Assicurazioni, Universit&agrave
"Poultry Research Centre (Agricultural Research Council), West Mains Road, Edinburgh. Dec. 19."
"ARC Radiobiological Laboratory, Wantage, Berkshire."
"Physics Department, Imperial College, London SW7 2AZ"
tique de L''INSERM, Facult&
Department of Cell Biology &amp
 Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology, &
Institute of Marine Science and Technology, Dokuz Eyl&
ans, IFREMER/CNRS, 29280 Plouzan&
"Laboratory of Molecular Genetics and &
Department of Biochemistry, North Dakota State University, Fargo, North Dakota 58102."
"Bundesanstalt f&
Department of Neuroscience&
"Institute of Industrial Science, University of Tokyo, Azabu."
"Electrical Research Association, 6 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Greenford, Middlesex. Jan. 20."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
 Service d''Anatomie Pathologique, H&
"Institute of Physiology, University of Glasgow."
Pharmaceutical Chemistry and &
"Chelsea School of Pharmacy, Chelsea Polytechnic, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. March 4."
rzburg, D-87 W&
re, Domaine Universitaire, BP 96. 38402 St Martin d''H&
 Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences, 54&
Present address: Department of Haematology, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London W12."
rio de Gen&
Section d''Oceanographie, Universit&
"Biochemistry Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Melbourne."
"Departments of Pharmacology and Physiology and &
Present address: Department of Pathology, Banting Institute, Toronto."
xico 73, DF"
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Forest Products, South Melbourne."
5559
 de recombinaison et expression g&
"MRC Group for Haemolytic Mechanisms, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London W12."
"Sezione di   Biochimica Comparata, Dipartimento di Fisiologia e Biochimica   General!, Universit&agrave
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. June 11."
"Beatson Institute for Cancer Research, 132 Hill Street, Glasgow."
Department of Zoology, Dove Marine Laboratory&
"Department of Biology, Technical College, Huddersfield."
, Roma. June 15."
Department of Neuroanatomy and &
Royal Grenwich Observatory, Apartado 321, 38780 Santa Cruz de La Palma, Tenerife, Canary Islands&
decine et de Pharmacie, 69&
This note was prepared by his colleagues from data collected by Mr Blake before his accidental death in October 1965."
"Institute of Physical Chemistry, Polish Academy of Science. Sept. 1."
6556
 Max Planck Institut f&
Division of Histology, Department of Anatomy and &
"Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
"Oceanographic Laboratory, Edinburgh."
"Oceanographic Laboratory, Edinburgh.&
 Department of Environmental &amp
"Max-Delbr&
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough. June 2."
Institut Laue&
"Mozartstraat 1, Arnhem. Aug. 28."
National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Research Fellow."
Department of Geosciences&
r Entwickhmgsbiologie, Abt. Biochemie, Spemannstr. 35/II, D-7400 T&
"Department of Leather Industries, University, Leeds 2. Oct. 8.&
"Department of Pathology, Royal Free Hospital, London."
"Institute of Medical Microbiology, Department of Bacteriology, University of G&
mica, Montevideo."
Developmental Endocrinology Branch, NICHD
"Department of Mineralogy, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo.Department of Geology and Mineralogy, University of Kanazawa, Kanazawa."
Department of Physics, University of Calgary, Alberta&
"Tate and Lyle, Central Agricultural Research Station, Carapichaima, Trinidad."
ttingen. Sept. 4."
 Recombinaison et Expression G&
pital du Sacre-Coeur de Montr&
"Lubrication Division, Mechanical Engineering Research Organization (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Thorntonhall, Glasgow. March 24."
"Collip Medical Research Laboratory, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario. May 20."
"Department of Physics &amp
cology and Obstetrics, Medical University, P&
"Department of Pathobiology, Johns Hopkins University, 615 North Wolfe Street, Baltimore.&
ZC.32, 20 000&
Present address: Department of Laboratory Haematology, Sunnybrook Hospital, Toronto."
"Institutt for Generell og Eksperimentell Patologi, Oslo."
"Laboratory of Enzymology, Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Experimental Medicine, Kirovski Prospect 69/71, Leningrad, U.S.S.R."
"Meteorological Office, Bracknell, Berkshire."
"Shell Research Limited, Milstead Laboratory of Chemical Enzymology, Sittingbourne Laboratories, Sittingbourne, Kent"
To whom correspondence should be addressed at Brigham and Women''s Hospital."
r Angewandte Zoologie, der Rheinischen Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universit&auml
"Institute of Zoology, Faculty of Science, Lisbon."
"Hippocratean University Hospital, University of Athens School of Medicine, Athens."
Laboratory of Virology, The Rega Institute, Faculty of Medicine, University of Leuven, B-3000 Leuven&
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London.&
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London."
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen. Nov. 10.&
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, London, N.W.1.Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent. May 22."
INSERM U373, Facult&
"Department of Radiobiology, Cancer Institute, University of Louvain. Nov. 6."
"The British Boot, Shoe and Allied Trades, Research Association, Satra House, Rockingham Road, Kettering, Northants."
"Department of Physics, University College, London, W.C.1. Dec. 28."
n Alvarez 1719, Buenos Aires. Aug. 27."
tique (CNRS LP 101), Institut de Recherche sur les Leuc&
e, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
Present address: The Nuffield Foundation, London."
U.S. Public Health Service International Post-doctoral Research Fellow."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. April 17."
 Molecular Biology and &
"The School of Pharmacy, Brunswick Square, London, WC1
Cellular Biochemistry and &
n, Czechoslovakia.&
"Department of Applied Microbiology and Biology, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow"
cnica, Universidade de S&
Laboratoire de Chimie Bact&
partment des Sciences de la Terre, Universit&
"Properties and Mechanics of Materials Division, National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride."
"Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Genoa."
"Research Department, Bovril, Ltd., 148&
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra.Veterinary Parasitology Laboratory, Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Yeerongpilly, Queensland."
Department of Geosciences, and &
"Department of Bioengineering, Technisches Hochschule Otto von Guericke, Magdeburg."
"Research Laboratory for Arch&
partment de Protection, Service Technique d''Etudes de la Pollution dans l''Atmosph&
 d''Immunog&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JJ."
r Physik und Astrophysik, M&
"Research Department, British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool, Mon. Jan. 20."
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria."
"Royal Norwegian Naval Academy, Bergen."
"Division of Animal Physiology, Ian Clunies Ross Animal Research Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Prospect, New South Wales."
r Elektronenmikroskopie, Institut f&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berks."
 Darlinghurst, New South Wales."
 de Physiologie Cellulaire de l''INSERM, (Institut du Radium) B&
"Edgar and Tenovus Laboratories, Fulham Hospital, London."
 de Neurobiologie (U 109), Centre Paul Broca de l''INSERM, 2ter rue d''Al&
"Biochemical Laboratory, Royal Samaritan Hospital, Glasgow. June 23."
"Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, University of Naples."
Department of Material Science and Engineering, &
"Department of Bromatology and Animal Nutrition, Centre for Biological Research of the Higher Council for Scientific Research, Madrid."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. March 29."
Physiologisches Institut, Ruhr&
sica, Facultad de Ciencias Exactas, F&
"Cancer Research Department, London Hospital Medical College, Whitechapel, London, E.1."
Anti-Infectives,&
"Institute of Geological Sciences, Exeter"
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Health and Production, McMaster Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales. June 24."
CNR, via De'' Castagnoli, 1&
La Sapienza&
"Department of Botany, Bedford College, Regents Park, London, N.W.1."
partement de Biologie G&
 Co. (Park Royal) Ltd., Park Royal Brewery, London, N.W.10. August 20."
Arbeitsgruppe Sediment&auml
Research Associate Cardiovascular Clinical Research Center, grant No. 6314.&
De Schothorst&
"Sub-Department of Histology, Department of Anatomy, University College, Cardiff. June 15."
"Department of Immunochemistry,Department of Immunoh&
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Abteilung Biochemie II, Spemannstrasse 35, D-7400 T&
"Unit&
138 Hill Street, Glasgow, C.3."
Present address: Shell Oil Co., Wood River, U.S.A."
ologie, 1 rue Blessig, 67084 Strasbourg C&
"Department of Parasitology, Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine&
25118
"Department of Botany, The University, Glasgow, W.2. Dec. 3."
"Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds 2. Nov. 8."
Member of the Plant Physiology Unit."
"Department of Biochemistry, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2.&
"Department of Biochemistry, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
Centre de Biologie Cellulaire (CNRS), 67 rue Maurice G&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. July 25."
r Molekulare Biologie, Universit&auml
"University of Stockholm, Nobel Institute of Physics, and Research Institute of National Defence, Stockholm."
"Centre Armoricain d''Etude Structurale des Socles Universit&
"Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, Villejuif 94"
"Physical Laboratory, University College, Southampton. March 1."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), London Road, Slough, Bucks. July 29."
"UKAEA, Research Group, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire."
r Genetik und Mikrobiologie der Universit&auml
To whom correspondence should be addressed. Also at UFR de M&
"East Malling Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent. Nov. 2."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry,Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Melbourne. Oct. 3."
"Dental Unit, Department of Anatomy, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Inorganic Research Laboratories, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.&
o, Agropecu&
"University College, Ibadan. March 31."
odynamique&
ne, Universit&
"Kodak, Ltd., Wealdstone, Middlesex. Harrow, Feb. 2."
t Berlin, Berlin-Dahlem, Altensteinstrasse 34a."
"Department of Pathology, Dana&
National Heart Hospital, Westmoreland Street, London W1"
"Universidad Polit&
"The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent"
Professional address: Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1."
 Jean Monnet, Laboratoire de G&
"Departamento de Quimica Inorg&
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College (University of London), Campden Hill, London, W.8."
 United''Embryologie Mol&
Present address: Department of Botany, University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg."
 To whom  correspondence should be addressed."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College London, W.C.2.Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. March 23."
"Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Division for Toxicology, Kjeller."
"Institut de Physique du Globe, Universit&
Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics and &
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, University of London, E.C.1.Biology Department, Giggleswick School, Yorkshire."
College of Physicians &amp
"Biochemistry Department, AFRC Institute of Animal Physiology &amp
"Chemistry Laboratory, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. Jan. 30."
"Department of Zoology, Queen Mary College, University of London."
"Istituto di Patologia Medica dell''Universit&agrave
cology, Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm. Oct. 6."
4253
"Cancer Research Department, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. Feb. 9."
Laboratory of Veterinary Oncology, Memorial Sloan&
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London, W.C.1. April 30."
Enrico Fermi Institute, &
"J. Sainsbury, Ltd., Stamford Street, London, S.E.1."
"Sherrington School of Physiology, St. Thomas''s Hospital, London, S.E.1. July 27."
"King''s College, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Immunology&
Department of Molecular Biology, University of Odense"
5200 (Cl)."
ze&
"Department of Pharmacology, Seth G.S. Medical College, Bombay 12.Department of Chemotherapy, Haffkine Institute, Bombay 12."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Protein Chemistry, Wool Research Laboratories, Parkville, Melbourne, Victoria."
"Research Unit, Royal National Hospital for Rheumatic Diseases, Bath."
tudes nordiques, Universit&
Department of Evolutionary Molecular Systematics, University of Lund, S&
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales. May 20."
 Infectious Diseases and &
"MRC Clinical and Population Cytogenetics Unit, Western General Hospital, Crewe Road, Edinburgh, 4.&
 Neuroscience &amp
 Libre de Bruxelles, D&
rimentale de la Facult&
"Department of Clinical Physiology, University of Ume&
trologie et URA1278, Universit&
"Plastics Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn Garden City, Herts. July 9."
"Ministry of Technology, Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern, Worcestershire."
"Wallace Laboratories, Cranbury, New Jersey."
"Pathological Laboratory, St. Ann''s General (formerly North Eastern) Hospital, London, N.15. March 30."
t, D-4630 Bochum (FRG)&
 and      Pathology&
mica, C.E.E.N., Faculdade de Ci&
"Department of Mathematics, Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London, W.8. Feb. 27."
"Wellcome Research Laboratories,Langley Court,Beckenha, Kent. July 29."
"Nuclear Physics Centre.Service of S.P.C.N., Faculty of Science, Toulouse."
"Wellcome Laboratories for Experimental Parasitology, University of Glasgow, Bearsden, Glasgow."
"The Beatson Institute for Cancer Research, 132 Hill Street, Glasgow G3 6UD"
"Zoology Department, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. July 24."
Laboratoire de Chimie m&
"Department of Medical Microbiology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
Now at the British Coal Utilization Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Inorganic Chemistry Research Laboratories, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 22."
Operated by Associated Universities, Inc., under contract with the U.S. National Science Foundation."
rzburg. Nov. 30."
t Innsbruck."
, M. E. Franco&
"Instituut voor Lage Temperaturen en Technische Physica, Louvain. Feb. 11."
 de Biochimie, Institut Gustave Roussy, Villejuif, Seine."
Laboratoryof Cellular and Molecular Biology, National CancerInstitute,&
"Department of Zoology, Panjab University, Chandigarh-3.&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 17."
"Laboratoire de Physique et Chimie Marines, Universit&
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, London, N.W.1."
Normal address : Pathology Department, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.2."
r Molekulare Medizin, R&
"ARC Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berkshire"
"Division of Pure Chemistry, National Research Laboratories, Ottawa, Ontario."
Post-doctoral Fellow of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences."
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft. May 7."
 de Canc&
"Nuclear Research Centre, C. A. Parsons and Co., Ltd., Newcastle on Tyne."
"Division of Experimental Cytology, Antoni van Leeuwenhoekhuis, Sarphatistraat 108, Amsterdan-C."
"Pharmacological Institute, University of Bari. Sept. 15."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 11."
U.S. Public Health Service Postdoctoral Research Fellow.&
"Natural History Department, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee. March 15."
"Department of Pharmacology, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm 51. Oct. 24."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Aug. 14."
 Brain Research Institute, University of Z&
Permanent address: Institute of Medical Biology, University of Troms&
r Klinische Virologie,  Universit&auml
To whom reprint requests should be addressed."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Nov. 10."
To whom reprint requests should be addressed.&
"Department of Anatomy, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
Present address: Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berkshire."
Paediatric Research Unit, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Laboratoire Central de Serologie, H&
"Westfield College (University of London), London NW3"
"Research and Development Department, The Distillers Co., Ltd., Epsom, Surrey."
 Laboratoire de Psychologic Exp&
593 Takadaminami-cho, Toshima-ku, Tokyo."
"Department of Agriculture, Annamalai University, Annamalainagar, Madras."
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, Christchurch, Hants."
Australasian Drug Information Services, PO Box 34&
"Institute of Animal Nutrition, Royal Agricultural College, Uppsala, 7."
"Chemical Laboratory, Ochanomizu University, Tokyo. June 15."
. 196, Universit&
"Hitachi Central Research Laboratory, Kokubunji, Tokyo."
"Ris&
Institute of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases of Animals, University of M&
"Institute for Scientific Information, 33 South 17th St., Philadelphia 3."
 Department of Geology and Geophysics, &
t, Hamburg. April 26.&
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Lund, Lund. June 19."
rimentale, Institut de Recherches sur les Leuc&
"Department of Horticulture, Wye College, University of London, Nr. Ashford, Kent."
7."
 de Biochimie des R&
 Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism,&
d&
"Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Chester Beatty Research Institute, Fulham Road, London SW3 6JB, and The Tenovus Laboratories, Velindre Hospital, Whitchurch, Cardiff"
Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo&
"Bell Telephone Laboratories Inc., Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974&
"Chemistry Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 1.&
"Institute of Virology, University of W&
"Department of Physics, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario. July 20."
Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, Institut f&
"Wireless Laboratory, Physics Department, Banaras Hindu University."
"Lister Institute, London, S.W.1. May 1."
 Pharmacology and Molecular Sciences, and &
"Department of Zoology,Department of Botany, University College, Cardiff."
INTA (U.N. special fund project No. 53), Estacion Experimental Agropecuaria (INTA), Balcarce, Buenos Aires."
"Mathematics Department, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
"Department of Pharmacology and Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School London, W.1."
"Chemistry Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. Sept. 10."
University of Tel-Aviv, Tel-Aviv&
"Nuffield Radio Astronomy Laboratories, Jodrell Bank, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
Geneticst &
pital des Enfants Malades, 149 Rue de S&
"Deutsches Wollforschungsinstitut an der Rheinisch-Westf&auml
tudes et de Recherches M&
"Department of Geography, University of Khartoum."
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Jan. 23."
"Hospital of S. K&
"Laboratory of RNA Tumor Viruses, National Cancer Institute, National Institute of Health, Bethesda, Mary land 20014"
"Medical Research Council Laboratories, Hampstead, London, N.W.3. May 28."
al, C.P. 6128 Montr&
 des Sciences, Centre Universitaire de l''&
"Departments of Anatomy and Bacteriology, The University, Leeds."
"Ceramics Branch, Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
 Council, Hookstone Road, Harrogate, Yorks. March 9."
Pharmacologyand &
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. Oct. 24."
Lunar &amp
MolecularPhysiology and Biological Physics, and &
"Eliot College, University of Kent."
chtung, Universit&auml
 di Milano. Sept. 12."
n Costa, Madrid, 32."
"Electron Microscope Section, University of S&
CNR Laboratory of Molecular Embryology, Naples."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Agricultural Research Council, Slough."
"Loyola University, 706 South Wolcott Avenue, Chicago 12."
t Augsburg, Institut f&
n de Virus, Instituto &
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, University of London, 8 Hunter Street, London."
Environmental Science Services Administration,&
"Centre d'' Etudes Nucl&
United States Public Health predoctoral research Fellow."
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Cancer Institute Board, 483 Little Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, Victoria. Oct. 14."
"Plutonium Metallurgy Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
368 de I''Institut National de la Sant&
"Insect Research Scheme, Agriculture Department, Zanzibar."
To whom reprint requests should be sent."
r Physiologie, Universit&auml
"Oceanographic Laboratory, Craighall Road, Edinburgh, 6."
"Department of Pathology and Bacteriology, K. G. Medical College, Lucknow."
 d''Oran, BP 16, Oran-Es S&
"State Laboratories, Department of Agriculture, Victoria.&
Electricit&
"(Nuffield Foundation Fellow)Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Dec. 31."
r Radiumforschung und Kernphysik, Wien IX, Boltzmanngasse 3."
Materials Research Center, Allied Chemical Corporation, Morristown, New Jersey 07960"
"Chemical Research Division, British Railways Research Department, The Avenue, Muswell Hill, London, N.10.&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire. May 30.&
Valby. Dec. 30."
"Biochemical Laboratory, University of Madras. April 30.&
"Institute of Agricultural Research Statistics, New Delhi."
Istituto di Geofisica, Viale Berti Pichat, 8 Universit&agrave
"Cleeve Hill, Cheltenham. Aug. 31."
"Department of Bacteriology, Medical School, Leeds 2.Department of Experimental Pathology and Cancer Research, Medical School, Leeds 2. Oct. 28."
"Department of Biochemistry, Baroda University, Baroda. Sept. 9."
"Department of Anatomy, Queen''s College, Dundee."
Groupe de Cance&
"Department of Anatomy, Queen''s College, Dundee.&
Laboratory of Neurophysiology, Tokyo Metropolitan Institute for Neurosciences, 2&
"Centre de Recherches Microfongiques, Centre de Chimie Biologique et Collo&
"Departments of Pathology and Physiology, University of Sheffield."
"Laboratory of Plant Physiology, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen, and Danish Atomic Energy Commission''s Research Establishment, Ris&
 Departments of Medical Informatics and Experimental Surgery,Albert Szent-Gy&
Neuroscience Program and &amp
"University of Jammu and Kashmir, Srinagar. Dec. 1."
"Medical Research Center, Division of Microbiology, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, N.Y.&
"Radiotherapy Research Unit, The Royal Marsden Hospital Surrey Branch, Sutton, Surrey."
Vernaand Marrs McLean Department of Biochemistry, &
"Divisions of Molecular Biology&
"The Laboratory, The Newcastle Breweries, Ltd., and King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Jan. 11."
Department of Clinical Immunology, University of G&
Clinical associate, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health."
"MRC Clinical Research Centre, Harrow, Middlesex.&
"Colonial Microbiological Research Institute, Trinidad, British West Indies. July 25."
Department of Tropical Public Health, Harvard School of Public Health&
Center for the Study of Aging and Human Development,&
"British Welding Research Association, London, W.1. Feb. 14."
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Oct. 16."
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin, Isle of Man. April 7."
Stetler Fellow, Department of Pathology, College of Medicine&
"Metallurgy Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington. April 19."
skiego 4."
gica, Facultad de Ciencias M&
"Department of Biochemistry, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff."
23679
Department of Microbiology, University College Cardiff, Glamorgan&
Alternative address: Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JT."
"104 Downs Court Road, Purley, Surrey."
Benn W. Levy Student.&
John and Mary Markle Foundation Scholar.&
"Chemical Inspectorate, Ministry of Supply. Jan. 18."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institue of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Nov. 17."
"The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent. March 16."
"Service de Pr&
"Antarctic Division, Department of Supply, Melbourne"
Present address: Paddington Technical College, Saltram Crescent, London."
 Pharmacology, and&
Fellow of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.&
Roche Institue of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
"Research Association of British Flour-Millers, Cereals Research Station, St. Albans. Dec. 5."
"Laboratory for Organic Chemistry, University of Ghent.&
"ARC Letcombe Laboratory, Wantage, Berkshire."
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr."
Hajdus&
"Department of Biology, The University, PO Box 3049, D&
"MRC Rheumatism Research Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Berks.&
"National Radio Astronomy Observatory&
"East Mailing Research Station, Kent. Nov. 27."
"Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, National Agricultural Advisory Service, Olantigh Road, Wye, Ashford, Kent. Sept. 22."
"Service d''A&
"Laboratorio di Chimica delle Radiazioni e Chimica Nucleare del C.N.E.N., Istituto di Chimica Generale e Inorganica, Universit&agrave
"Service des Virus, Institut Pasteur, 25 rue du Dr Roux, 75&
Fulbright Research Scholar."
To whom correspondence should be sent.&
To whom correspondence should be sent."
"5 Blatchington Road, Tunbridge Wells."
Present address: Ardvreck, 12 Whitefield, Rush Green Road, Lymm, Cheshire."
"Institute of Infectious Diseases, &
"Institute of Genetics, University of Stockholm. Feb. 11."
Present address : Department of Morbid Anatomy, The Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1."
Lapp, 74019 Annecy-le-Vieux C&eacute
   de Medecine, 11 rue Humann, 67085 Strasbourg C&
al.&
al."
Division of Cryobiology, Clinical Research Centre, Harrow, HA1 3UJ.&
tsklinik,Abteilung f&
t, Erlangen. Deutschland. June 13."
The authors are all members of the CYAMEX Scientific Team.2Universit&
MRC Neurochemical Pharmacology Unit, Department of Pharmacology
"Department of Chemistry and Biology, Acton Technical College, Acton, London, W.3. Nov. 12."
r Genetik der Universitat zu K&
"Children''s Medical Research Foundation, Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children, Camperdown, New South Wales 2050."
Service Technique Etudes de Pollution Atmosph&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Aug. 22."
"C.S.I.R.O. Wheat Research Unit, North Ryde, New South Wales."
"Department of Chemistry, Gauhati University, Assam."
 de Bretagne Occidentale, 29283 Brest C&
 Institute of Molecular Biology, &
MRC Leprosy Project&
ralogie, Universit&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
"Grant Institute of Geology, Edinburgh EH9 3JW"
nchen 22&
"Ministry of Aviation, Signals Research and Development Establishment, Christchurch, Hants.Post Office Research Station, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2.National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
nchen 22"
Fellow of the National Institutes of Mental Health.&
Stichting Bosbouwproefstation, &
"Laboratorio del Transporte y Mecanica del Suelo, Institiuto de Edafologia, C.S.I.C., Madrid."
"Konkoly Observatory, Konkoly Thege Street 13&
"U.S. Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory, San Francisco 24."
GSF, Institut f&
 d''lmmunog&
 Universit&auml
Lineberger Cancer Research Center, and &
 EISCAT: Geophysical Observatory, SF99600 Sodankyl&auml
Present address: Haloid Corporation, Rochester, N.Y."
Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, PO Box 2072, Balboa, Canal Zone"
t, Goethestrasse 29, 80336 M&
"Institute of Zoology, Faculty of Science, Lisbon. March 24."
partement deG&
"The Gas Council, Midlands Research Station, Solihull, Warwickshire."
 Institute for Animal Health, AFRC &amp
"Physics Department, Muslim University, Aligarh. Nov. 16."
"Distillers Company, Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom. Sept. 6."
"Maritime Regional Laboratory, National Research Council, Halifax, Nova Scotia. Dec. 14."
"Departments of Physiology and Animal Husbandry, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. Nov. 25."
ttingen, 3400 G&
 de Sciences, Marseille."
t der Justus Liebig-Universit&auml
"International Centre for Microbiological Chemistry, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
 des Sciences, Dakar."
"Bell Laboratories, Mountain Avenue, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974"
"Department of Histology, University of G&
"Applied Geochemistry Research Group, Imperial College, London SW7."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School (University of London), Hyde Park Corner, London, S.W.1."
"Dust and Ventilation Laboratory, Transvaal and Orange Free State Chamber of Mines, Johannesburg."
 Centre de Diagnostic Pr&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. Oct. 16."
Institut de Canc&
ge, Rue Fusch 3&
 135, Brno."
"Colonial Pesticides Research Unit, Arusha, Tanganyika.&
"Colonial Pesticides Research Unit, Arusha, Tanganyika."
"Department of Veterinary Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at: Division of Hematology&
59."
"Department of Physiology, University College of London, Gower Street, London WC1E 6BT"
Departamento Fisiolog&
"Medical Clinic of Turin Medical School, Turin."
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. April 25."
 BP Research &amp
mophilia."
epartement de Biologie G&
T. H. Morgan School of Biological Sciences
"Department of Comparative Anatomy and Embryology, Copernicus University, Toru&
"Atomic Energy Division, Geological Survey of Great Britain, Young Street, London, W.8. Nov. 5."
"Biochemistry Laboratory, University College, Ibadan. Sept. 8."
"Geological Survey of Tanganyika, Box 69, Dodoma.&
partement de Sciences biologiques, Universit&
"Haematology and Blood Transfusion Service, Alexandra Hospital, Athens. Feb. 6."
"Block X, Chester Beatty Research Institute, Clifton Avenue, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
"Battersea Polytechnic, London, S.W.11. Oct. 25."
Department of EarthSciences, Open University, Milton Keynes MK7 6AA,UK&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.&
"Plant Physiology Unit, Botany Department, Univeristy of Sydney, Sydney. Sept. 20."
rzburg."
 Department of Communication Processes and Disorders, &
"ARC Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berkshire."
"Institut de Recherches sur les maladies du sang, H&
"Department of Botany, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff. March 17."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. May 27."
Department of Pharmacology &amp
, and Food Science&
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, London. Aug. 17."
"Laboratoire de Biologic des Populations, Universit&
"Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berks.Anti-Locust Research Centre, 1 Princes Gate, South Kensington, London, S.W.7."
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., General Chemicals Division, Widnes. Oct. 19."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Akers Research Laboratories, Welwyn, Herts."
Reprint requests to I. M."
r Biowissenschaften, Biozentrum der Universit&auml
Laboratory of Clinical Science, Section on Pharmacology, NIMH&
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam, (Shell Research B. V.
"Research Department, Bovril Ltd., P.O. Box 107, 147&
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey."
r Zoologie, Postfach 202136, D-80021 M&
"Electrical Research Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1. Nov. 23."
r Molekulare Biologie der Universit&auml
"Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Research Department, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire.Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
tica, Instituto de Ci&
  To whom correspondenceshould be addressed"
"Department of Metallurgy, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
Socar Ltd, 8600 D&
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, Queen''s College, Dundee.Research Department, Biochemistry Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. Sept. 14."
Present address: Istituto di Patologia Generale, University of Genoa."
Department of Physics &amp
on School of Medicine, Besan&
n de Biologia Marina, Vi&
To whom correspondenceshould be addressed"
"Houldsworth School of Applied Science, The University, Leeds, 2. May 22."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Slough, Bucks. Aug. 30."
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and the Departments of Internal Medicine and Human Genetics, and &
Present Address: Vickers Development Projects Team, Vickers Shipbuilding Group, Barrow-in-Furness, Lancashire."
"Department of Biochemistry. University College, London.Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, LondonChester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London."
"British Food Manufacturing Industries Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey."
Gesellschaft, Bad Nauheim."
"Lobitos Oilfields, Ltd., Ellesmere Port, Cheshire."
"Department of Engineering, University of Edinburgh. Oct. 27."
 Libre du Bruxelles, Brussels. May 22."
"Biophysical Laboratory, St. Paul''s University,Silk Science Research Institute,Institute for Research in Infectious Diseases, Tokyo. Sept. 1.&
teborg, G&
r Molekulare Genetik, Berlin-Dahlem, FDR&
t des Saarlandes, Saarbr&
tisme et de Physique du Solide, C.N.R.S., Bellevue, Seine-et-Oise.&
bingen, Gartenstr. 29, D-72074T&
"Bayerisches Geoinstitut, Universit&auml
"Tate &amp
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Feb. 10."
5494
5496
t Freiburg"
"Cancer Research Laboratory, Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, Melbourne."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Institut d''Etudes Centrafricaines, Brazzaville.&
 Bacteriology, &
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, Haddon Lodge, 32 Rutland Drive, Harrogate. Sept. 7."
"Institute of Armament Technology, Poona."
 de Lausanne."
"The Nature Conservancy, Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdonshire."
e&
"Catedra de Biologia, Institute &
"Laboratories of Immunochemistry and Biochemical Pharmacology, L''Industrie Biologique Fran&
mica Orbital e Planetologia, Departamento de Matem&
 135, Brno 12, Czechoslovakia."
"Agricultural Development and Advisory Service, Wye, Ashford, Kent"
The Maudsley Hospital, London.&
"Institutes of Pharmacology and Criminal Anthropology, University of Cagliari"
cken 15. April 15."
"Department of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, Komensky University, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
These authors contributed equally to this work.&
Present address : Botany Department, University College, London."
These authors contributed equally to this work."
"Guest, Keen and Nettlefolds Group Research Laboratory, Lanesfield, Wolverhampton, Staffs."
"Environmental Chemistry Department, Centre de Investigati&
"Paterson Laboratories, Christie Hospital &amp
"Colonial Microbiological Research Institute, Trinidad, British West Indies. April 13."
"Queen Mary College, University of London. March 26."
"Department of Botany, University of Sheffield.&
 Biophysics, &
"Endocrinological Institute of the Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava."
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee. March 27."
"Zoophysiological Institution, University, Lund. June 15."
r Verhaltensforschung, Abteilung f&
Barbara Davis Center for ChildhoodDiabetes,&
"Istituto di Fisiologia Umana della Universit&
"Department of Pediatrics and Department of Zoology, University of Z&
 de Recherches au F.N.R.S.) Laboratoire de Morphologie animale, Universit&
"Department for Pathophysiology, Veterinary Medical Research Institute, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest."
pital Brugmann et de la Fondation m&
Service de G&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Mylnefield, Invergowrie, By Dundee."
"Department of Immunology and Rheumatology, Instituto National de la Nutriti&
"Department of Cell Biology, John Innes Institute, Bayfordbury, Hertford."
"Department of Physics, University College, London, W.C.1. Jan. 31."
"Laboratoire de Neurobiologie, &
decine, 11 rue Humann, 67085 Strasbourg C&
"Pathological Laboratory, University of Leyden. Nov. 12."
rungsgewerbe der Technischen Universit&auml
Present address: Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead."
"Istituto di Fisica del Politecnico.Istituto di Patologia, Medica dell''Universit&agrave
"Cow and Gate, Ltd., Guildford, Surrey."
 di Bologna. Dec. 14."
bingen, Auf der Morgenstelle 18, 7400 T&
"Laboratori di Chimica Biologica e Laboratori di Microbiologia, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
gskole, Trondheim"
"Laboratoire de Glaciologie et G&
mica, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biol&
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 14."
Institut Laue-Langevin, BP 156, 38042 Genoble C&
"Building Research Station, (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Garston, Watford."
"Departments of Physiology and Thoracic Surgery, University of Edinburgh."
"Department of Zoology, University College, London WC1"
"Centre des Faibles Radioactivit&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Physical Chemistry, Box 4331, G.P.O., Melbourne."
"Department of Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. July 22."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Industrial Hygiene Research Laboratories, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
"Departments of Botany and Physiology, Bedford College, University of London. Aug. 14."
"Belgian Centre of Growth and Differentiation, Department of Human and Comparative Anatomy, University of Ghent."
xico, Instituto de Investigaciones Biomedicas, M&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield. Sept. 13."
"Medical Research Council Bilharzia Research Unit, Winches Farm, Hatfield Road, St. Albans, Herts."
"Institute of Physiology, University of Athens."
"ICI Pharmaceuticals, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
Mobil Research and Development Corporation, Research Department, Paulsboro, New Jersey 08066&
"Biometry Department, University College, London, W.C.1. Dec. 8."
"Departments of Chemical Immunology and &
"Department of Physics, University of Allahabad, Allahabad. Sept. 26."
"Division of Neurology, Department of Medicine, The Miriam Hospital
"Materials Laboratory, Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College, London, E.1.&
dicales, Universit&
U.S. Public Health Service Fellow.&
"Institute of Dermatology, Department of Mycology, Rotterdam."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
Beit Memorial Fellow.&
"Laboratorio di Chimica delle Radiazioni e Chimica Nucleare, C.N.E.N., Istituto di Chimica Generale, Universit&agrave
"Department of Cytogenetics, Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Fulham Road, London SW3&
"Department of Mathematical Physics, University, Edinburgh 8. May 18."
"Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Poona&
1892,USA&
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, University, Leeds 2."
U 33 Inserm and Facult&
"Departments of Microbiology &amp
CNRS et Institut de Physique du Globe, Universit&
"Department of Metallurgy, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.1."
"Pharmacological Department, Research Laboratories, Lepetit S.p.A., Milan."
"Cancer Research Unit, University of Sheffield. Dec. 5."
"Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, School of Medicine, University of Buffalo."
ontologisches Institut und Museum, Christian-Albrechts-Universit&auml
"University College, Ibadan. Dec. 15."
"Uttar Pradesh State Observatory, Naini Tal. Aug. 6."
n de Nitr&
Department of Zoology, Karnatak University, Dharwar Mysore&
"Medical Research Council Unit for Research in Toxicology, Serum Institute, Carshalton, Surrey. Aug. 24."
"Department of Zoology and Research&
"Ministry of Health and MRC, Radiological Protection Service, Belmont, Surrey."
"Laboratoirede G&
"Institute of Applied Physics, Technical University, Vienna. Nov. 14."
"Departamento de Microbiolog&
"Institut de Physique Exp&amp
"Technische Universit&auml
phrologie Normale, et Pathologique U64, H&
 Department of Biochemistry, Biophysics and Genetics and&
t, Wien. Oct. 9."
"Research Department, Bacteriology Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Oakfields Road, West Bridgford, Nottingham. Jan. 11."
Present address: Medical Research Council Neuropsychiatric Research Unit, Woodmanstern Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Institute for Solid State Physics, University of Tokyo, and Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow."
Laboratoire de Neurobiologie, Ecole Normole Sup&
 Development Department, Experimental Station, E. I. du Pont de Nemours &amp
"Ministry of Agriculture, National Agricultural Advisory Service, &
"Departments of Animal Ecology Building Theoretical, &
"Institute of Clinical Research, Middlesex Hospital, W.1. Sept. 7."
"Department of Medicine, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
Centerfor Molecular Medicine/Institute of Biotechnology, Department of Cellular &amp
"Department of Botany, University College, Cardiff. July 20."
Present Addresses: Department of Medicine, Brigham &amp
"Cytological Laboratory, College of Agriculture, Poona 5. Feb. 20."
"Botany Department, University College, London."
"Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. Nov. 6."
"Nuffield Radio Astronomy Laboratories, Jodrell Bank, Cheshire"
Clinica Neurologica, Universit&agrave
"Group NB&
Visiting scientist.&
Department of Biochemistry, Program in Bioorganic Chemistry, &
Visiting scientist."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Dairy Research, Melbourne."
"Department of Pathology, Shenley Hospital, Herts."
"Gesellschaft f&
"Department of Pathology, Royal Hospital for Sick Children, and the University of Edinburgh"
"Biochemical Laboratory, College of General Education, University of Tokyo. Nov. 10."
"Wenner-Gren Institute for Experimental Biology, University of Stockholm. July 1.&
Laboratory of Molecular Genetics, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, &
Wellcome Trust Research Laboratories, PO Box 43640, Nairobi&
"Neurobiologische Abteilung, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Ecole Sup&
"Department of Parasitology, Instituto Evandro Chagas, C.P. 3, Bel&
"Department of Bacteriology.Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. June 10"
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Entomology, Canberra.&
Torry Research Station, Aberdeen&
"CSIRO Division of Plant Industry, Canberra."
r Molekulare Zellbiologie, Mooswaldallee 1-9,Albert-Ludwigs Universit&auml
"International Research and Development Co., Ltd., Fossway, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Birkbeck College Computational Laboratory, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. May 12."
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Aug. 10."
r Strahlentherapie und Nuklearmedizin des St&auml
s de G&
"Laboratorium voor Fysische Scheikunde der Technische Hogeschool, Delft."
 Cardiovascular Research, &
rale, La D&
partement des G&
nchen, Maria-Ward-Strasse la, 80638 M&
trie de Masse, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"200 E. Rose Valley Rd., Wallingford, Pa."
"Physics Department, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London. July 17."
"Departments of Biochemistry and Physiology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 30."
"Electrical Engineering Department, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
Laboratoire de Physiologie cellulaire, Coll&
Present address: Division of H&
"Department of Numerical Automation, Birkbeck College, University of London, Malet Street, London, W.C.1. April 29."
"Physics Department, University, Stockholm. March 9."
Department of Anatomy &amp
Department of Astronomy and &
"Department of Biology, Christ College, Brecon."
"Department of Histology and Embryology, University of Glasgow, Veterinary School, 83 Buccleuch Street, Glasgow, C.3. Jan. 30."
 and the Department of Veterinary Surgery, Glasgow
 di Palermo Unit&agrave
Division of Radiophysics, CSIRO, Epping, NSW 2121&
"Department of Animal Sciences, Rutgers&
"Departments of Pharmacology and Chemistry, University of Cairo. Nov. 25."
"Department of Botany, Imperial College, University of London."
"University Department of Biochemistry, Nagpur.&
"Botanical Institute, Groningen. March 21."
"Research Laboratory, Lansil, Ltd., Lancaster. July 14."
"Department of Zoology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina."
MRC Molecular Haematology Unit, Nuffield Department of Clinical Medicine, and &
"Cyanamid European Research Institute, Cologny, Geneva."
curit&
Department of Membrane Biophysics, Max-Planck-Institut f&
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemannstrasse 35, D-7400 T&
"Research Department, Colonial Sugar Refining Co., Ltd., 70 John Street, Pyrmont, New South Wales."
"East Malling Research Station, Maidstone, Kent. May 9."
ge. Aug. 15."
r Biologie III, der Universit&auml
"Veterinary and Medical Entomology Section, Science Service Laboratory, Lethbridge, Alberta."
Biomedical Imaging Group,Program in Molecular Medicine and &
"Centre d''Immunologie ISERM-CNRS de Marseille-Luminy, Case 906, 13288 Marseille, C&
Department of Chemistry, University College, London"
"Department of Technical Chemistry, Royal Technical College, Glasgow, C.1. Nov. 9."
"Department of Pharmacology, Scientific Research Division, Schering Corporation, Bloomfield, New Jersey."
dicale de l''H&
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Aug. 18."
"Department of Chemotherapy and Parasitology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, 8 Hunter Street, London, W.C.1. Aug. 14."
r Molekularbiologie der Akademie der Wissenschaften der DDR, 1115 Berlin-Buch, Robert-Roessle Strasse 10, DDR&
"Wenner-Gren Institute for Experimental Biology, University of Stockholm.&
Kernforschungszentrum Karlsruhe GmbH, Institut f&
"Wenner-Gren Institute for Experimental Biology, University of Stockholm."
"Department of Chemistry, Queen''s College, Dundee. July 15."
"Institut National de la Sant&
Schering&
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Abteilung Genetik, Spemannstrasse 35, D-7400 T&
Present address: Biological Institute, Kyoto Prefectural Medical College, Kyoto."
Institute of Neuroscience, and &
"Yale School of Forestry, New Haven, Conn., and Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, Mass. Oct. 21."
Present address: Stockholm Observatory, Saltsj&
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station (Vitamins, Ltd.), Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey. Dec. 6."
, Ditton Park, Slough SL3 9JX&
"Department of Chemistry,Department of Apiculture, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, Ontario."
"The London Hospital Medical College, Dental School, London, E.1."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.Department of Botany, King''s College, University of London, London, W.C.2. June 5."
rimentale, 32 Bd. de la Constitution, Universit&
"Chemical Physics Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Dec. 5."
 Johnson &amp
"Centro de Biologia Molecular, CSIC, Universidad Autonoma, Madrid&
"The Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berkshire.&
"The Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berkshire."
"Center for Neurobiology and Behavior, Departments of &
"Department of Physiology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire."
 Descartes, 67084 Strasbourg C&
Present address: Caroni Ltd., and Ste. Madelaine Sugar Co., Carapichaima, Trinidad."
"Science Schools, Harrow School, Middlesex."
"Botany Department, Bedford College (University of London), Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Feb. 12."
"Botany Department, Faculty of Science, University of Cairo. May 5."
"Crystallographic Laboratory, Geological Institute, University of Ghent. May 6."
Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, and &
"Dr. K. G. Naik Biochemistry Department, M. S. University of Baroda, Baroda."
t, D-34 G&
Addiction Research Foundation&
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 26."
"Brunel College of Technology, London, W.3."
"Department of Applied Mathematics and Computing Science, University of Sheffield, Sheffield S10 2TN."
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. March 5."
"East Malling Research Station, Maidstone, Kent"
Present Address: Department of Medicine, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London"
"Space Structure Research, Department of Physics, University College, London."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. March 25."
"Hungarian Academy of Sciences, University Research Team of Medical Radiology, Budapest, VIII."
kovic&
"Laboratory of Coagulation Biochemistry, Haematology Section, Department of Internal Medicine, University Hospital, Leyden."
"Department of Geology, University College, Cardiff."
"Department of Botany, University of Edinburgh."
"Department of Botany, University of Edinburgh.&
"Viriamu Jones Laboratory, University College, Cardiff."
"Southeastern Forest Experiment Station, Forest Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Asheville, North Carolina."
 Research, Ltd., Milstead Laboratory of Chemical Enzymology, Sittingbourne, Kent.Agricultural Research Council, Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College, University of London, Ashford, Kent."
Cell Biology and Neuroanatomy and &
r Vegetative Physiologie, Johann Wolfgang Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main."
"Wenner-Gren Institute, Stockholm."
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. March 25."
"Fondazione ''Andrea Cesalpino'', I Clinica Medica, Policlinico ''Umberto I'', Universit&agrave
"Pratt Clinic&
"Department of Geological Sciences, University of Buenos Aires."
Isotope Geology Unit, Institute of Geological Sciences, 64&
rt-t&
"Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Whitehall Place, London, S.W.1.Central Electricity Generating Board, South Wales Division, Cardiff."
"Rockefeller Research Units, Department of Botany, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Department of Geography, University College of Wales"
"National College of Rubber Technology, London, N.7."
"Departmentsof Medicine 8414 &
Interdisciplinary Programs in Health, &
"Institute of Dermatology, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, Lisle Street, Leicester Square, London, W.C.2."
"Colonial Pool of Plant Pathologists, Commonwealth Mycological Institute, Kew.Pepper Laboratory, Department of Agriculture, Sarawak. Dec. 4."
"Max Plank-Institut f&
"C.S.I.R.O., Radiophysics Laboratory, University Grounds, Sydney."
Now the University of Strathclyde."
"Department of Chemical Technology, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow."
Permanent address: Biophysik, FB Biologie/Chemie, Universit&auml
"Research Department, Cossor Radar and Electronics, Ltd., Highbury, London, N.5. July 18."
"Bowaters Development and Research, Limited, Central Research Laboratories, Northfleet, Kent. Jan. 6."
Institut de Recherche Interdisciplinaire and&
"Department of Surgery, The University, Dundee"
tsklinik, Freiburg i. Br.&
"British Iron and Steel Research Association, London."
"Laboratoire d''Immunog&
, Via Alfonso Borelli 50, Universit&agrave
Clinical Chemistry Department, Dundee University"
On leave of absence from Institute of Neurophysiology, Oslo University, Oslo 1.&
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 3."
"Technical Department, Research Section, Benzole Producers, Ltd., Watford, Herts. Sept. 29."
rnberg, Erlangen."
tsklinik, Bonn-Venusberg."
Institute of Cardio-Thoracic Surgery, Cairo&
Leukemia Society scholar.Department of Physiological Chemistry and Nutrition, Institute for Cancer Research, Philadelphia."
"Research Laboratories, Rohm and Haas Co., Philadelphia, Pa. Oct. 13.&
"Department of Probability and Statistics, University of Sheffield, Sheffield S3 7RH"
dics (University of London), Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex."
aires, Strasbourg&
 Physiologisch-chemisches Institut, University of T&
"Pathologisches Institut der Universit&auml
Unite de la Rage, &
 To whom correspondence should be addressed at Department of Psychology."
"Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. May 4."
"
"Institut de Canc&
"Department of Pharmacology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2."
"Plant Pathology Department, Rubber Research Institute of Ceylon, Dartonfield, Agalawatta. March 7."
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Cancer Research, Chester Beatty Research Institute, Fulham Road, London SW3 6JB"
Department of Child Health, Welsh National School of Medicine, Heath Park, Cardiff&
"Department of Pharmacology, University, Edinburgh. Oct. 28."
11049
Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey&
 d''lmmunologie Virale and &
"Medical Research Council, Clinical Effects of Radiation Research Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh, 4.Medical Research Council, Statistical Research Unit, 115 Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
chov, Czechoslovakia."
"Research and Development Department, The British Oxygen Co., Ltd., Deer Park Road, London, S.W.19. Dec. 29."
t."
Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
Judah L. Magnes Fellow, on leave from the University of Jerusalem."
"Institute of General Pathology, University of Naples.&
"University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. May 21."
"Laboratory for Technical Botany, Technical University, Delft. Dec. 17."
"Research Laboratory, Kodak, Ltd., Wealdstone, Middlesex."
Department of Biophysics, Max&
CNRS UPR8291, Centre d''immunopathologie et de g&
Director of Research, Aeromedical International."
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucestershire."
"Government College, Darjeeling. Nov. 10."
Biology student trainee from Winthrope College, Rock Hill, South Carolina."
sica, Universidade de S&
ches Maritimes, La Trinit&
 Laboratory of Microbial Immunity, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and &
"Research Laboratories, Laboratory of Experimental Dermatology, Albert Einstein Medical Center, Philadelphia."
"Department of Anatomy, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Sept. 29."
"Biophysical Institute, Academy of Sciences, 10 Obr&
"Eastern Regional Research Laboratory, Philadelphia 18.&
"Department of Fuel Technology, University of Sheffield. Feb. 3."
"Department of Botany, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
ve, D&
rimentale et Laboratoire de Biologie Clinique, Universit&
"Department of Anatomy, University of Ghent. Feb. 26."
100 Chauss&
"Animal Virus Research Institute, Pirbright, Surrey."
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Istanbul."
"Institute of Traumatology 3, Gorky St., Kazan, U.S.S.R."
"Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College (University of London), Campden Hill Road, London, W.8. July 30."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts. Dec. 3."
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. May 5."
"Agricultural Research Council''s Animal Breeding Research Organisation, Edinburgh, 9."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Uppsala."
"Department of Biology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Uppsala.&
 Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine
19511
"Technical College of Monmouthshire, Crumlin, Mon. March 28."
ast
Labofina,&
Zenecapic and &
"R.A.F. Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hants. Aug. 27."
Present address: The Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology&
"Medical Physics Department, Postgraduate Medical School, London, W.12.&
"MRC Rheumatism Research Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire"
"Present address: Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds. March 24."
"Departments of Pharmacology and &
Present address: High Brow, Beechwood Avenue, Frome, Somerset."
"Centre de Physique Nucl&
"Laboratorium voor Technische Physica, Delft. Sept. 6."
"Monsanto Research S.A., 8045 Z&
 J. Guichardot-Wirrmann, S. Monti, J. L. Olivet (Centre Oc&
"John Burford Carlill Laboratories, Westminster Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
"Department of Medicine, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, City and Guilds College, London, S.W.7. Nov. 25."
"Laboratoire de Physiologie V&
Biotechnology Department, Parke&
"Department of Physiological Chemistry,Department of Medical Radiology, Johannes Gutenberg-Universit&auml
"Institute of Organic Chemistry, University, Budapest.National Institute for Tuberculosis, &
Department of Chemistry, &
Verrie&
matologie, Facult&
Present address: Chemstrand Research Center, Triangle Park, Durham, North Carolina."
"Central Research Institute for Chemistry, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, H-1025 Budapest"
"The Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1.&
"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Centre Oc&
ficas, &
nd E&
"Queen Mary College, University of London. Dec. 10."
"St. Francis Hospital, Haywards Heath, Sussex."
"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Centre des Faibles Radioactivit&
Carcinogenesis and Mutagenesis and &
"Department of Biochemistry, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London."
"Institutes of Biochemistry and Physiopathology, University of Istanbul, Istanbul."
The Wellcome Trust, London W1&
ochimie Isotopique, B&
 To whom correspondence to be addressed."
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. Oct. 12."
Department of Agricultural Chemistry, 1, Agricultural High School, Ultuna"
ficas y T&
"Colour Chemistry Research Laboratory, Royal Technical College, Glasgow, C.1. Dec. 17."
dic Surgery, Nuffield Orthop&
Department of Histopathology and &
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Helsing&
rh&
"Department of Biology, University of Jyv&auml
bingen, D-74 T&
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Mond Division, Research Department, Winnington Laboratory, PO Box 7, Northwich, Cheshire."
nchen, Theresienstrasse 41, 8000 M&
tique des Mammif&
"Nutritional Research Unit, Huntingdon, and Department of Cancer Research, Mount Vernon Hospital and the Radium Institute, Northwood, Middlesex."
"Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Giza, Cairo. June 8."
ck-Centrumf&
"Glaxo Research, Ltd, Greenford, Middlesex."
"Natural History Department, Marischal College, Aberdeen AB9 1AS"
anographie, Universit&
"Station de Zoologie Expa&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Sept. 23."
"Laboratory of Insect Pathology, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. Nov. 27."
"Institute for Experimental Physics, University of Technology, Vienna.&
"Edgar and Tenovus Laboratories, Charing Cross Group of Hospitals, Fulham Hospital, London, W6."
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Harpur Hill, Buxton, Derbyshire. June 9."
"Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Dec. 5."
"Department of Molecular Biology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JR."
"The Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Ontario."
University of Glasgow, Department of Veterinary Pharmacology, Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden, Glasgow G61 1QH&
 Exxon Research &amp
Career Research Development awardee of the U.S. Public Health Service."
"Department of Cell and Microbiology, Swedish Defence Research Establishment, S-901 82 Ume&
"Department of Haematology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London."
"Tenovus Research Laboratory, General Hospital, Southampton SO9 4XY"
t, Maria-Ward-Strasse la, D-8000 M&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University of Sheffield, The Royal Infirmary, Sheffield, 6.&
"Department of Psychiatry, Medical School, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina."
timent 510, Universit&
"Fisheries and Wildlife Department, 605 Flinders Street Extension, Melbourne."
beweg 51, D-7800 Freiburg-Z&auml
"Medical Research Council, Industrial Psychology Research Unit, Psychology Department, University College, London, W.C.1."
Institut d''Astrophysique Spatiale, UMR-CNRS 120, B&
Present address: Groupe de Recherche G&
Present address: Department of Pathology, Brigham &amp
"Department of Endocrinology, University School of Medicine, &
"Research Laboratory, General Electric Company, Schenectady, N.Y. Oct. 2."
"Microbiological Research Establishment, Porton, Salisbury."
To whom correspondence should be addressed./"
"Medical Research Council Research Group in Applied Neurobiology, Institute of Neurology, 8 Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
trie Physique, BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d''H&
Present address: Department of Microbiology, Queen Elizabeth College, London, W.8."
"Koninklijke/Shell Laboratorium, Amsterdam."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, C.1."
dicale Reine Elisabeth."
at, Kon&
"Tropeninstitut Abteilung f&
"19 Greenhill Gardens, Edinburgh.University College, Gold Coast. July 25."
Institute of Cryogenics and &
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Poole, Dorset"
ts-Krankenhaus Eppendorf, Universit&auml
"J. A. Radley Research Institute, 220&
"Departments of Therapeutic Radiology and of Molecular Biophysics &amp
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Board, Private Bag 256, Pretoria."
"The Yorkshire Museum, York."
s et des Mus&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Fisheries and Oceanography, Cronulla, New South Wales."
"Queen Mary College, University of London, Mile End Road, E.1."
Department of Anatomy, Universit&agrave
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine of Ribeir&
 These authors contributed equally to this work."
 et de la Recherche Medicale (U 211-Unit&
"Pharmacology Research Laboratory, Sunderland Technical College."
 di Roma.Istituto di Fisica dell''Universit&agrave
partement de physique Universit&
"Office of the Medical Examiner, Department of Public Health, City of Philadelphia."
AT &amp
Fakult&auml
 di Pavia. July 29."
"Tropical Pesticides Research Institute, Arusha, Tanganyika."
"Tropical Pesticides Research Institute, Arusha, Tanganyika.&
"Chemistry Department, University College, Achimota, Gold Coast. Feb. 1."
"Department of Microbiology, Hahnemann Medical College, Philadelphia, Penn.&
 Neurology, &
"Clinical Laboratory, West Wales General Hospital, Carmarthen."
 Laboratoire de Pal&
"Marine Station. Millport."
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. Nov. 17."
"Department of Earth and Space Sciences&
 di Ricerca GIFCO&
Senior Postdoctoral Fellow of the U.S. National Science Foundation."
Department of Chemical Pathology, Royal Free Hospital&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. July 11."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne.&
Trainee in Pediatric H&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne."
r biophysikalische Chemie, D-3400 G&
"School of Oceanography
"Cardiovascular &amp
"Department of Biophysics and Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, Drury Lane, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Cell Biology, John Innes Institute, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts."
Max Planck Institut fur Biochemie, 8033 Martinsreid bei M&
"University of Glasgow."
Special Fellowship of the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness."
"Department of Chemistry and Applied Chemistry, Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford."
"Zoology Department, University of Allahabad. May 16."
"Department of Pal&
"Physical Biology Operation, Space Sciences Laboratory, General Electric Co., Philadelphia, and South Jersey Medical Research Foundation, Camden, New Jersey."
stav K&
"Medical Research Department, F. Hoffmann-La Roche and Co. Ltd, 4002 Basle&
"Pharmaceuticals Division, ICI Ltd, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire"
"AFRC Research Group on Photoperiodism &amp
"Department of Chemical Engineering, College of Technology, Loughborough."
Fellow of the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation."
 per Ricerche Terapeutiche, Milan."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Commonwealth Research Station, Merbein, Victoria. Oct. 6."
"New South Wales Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, 1 York Street, Sydney."
"Chemical Works of Gedeon Richter, Ltd., and Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest."
ne-Poulenc Rorer SA, Centre de Recherche de Vitry-Alfortville, Unit&
"Astronomy Department, and &
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Petrochemical and Polymer Laboratory, Runcorn Heath, Cheshire."
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1. Sept. 11."
"US Army Cold Region Research and Engineering Laboratory, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755"
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Jan. 14."
, Institute of Histology and Laboratory of Electron Microscopy, State University, Ghent."
Present address: European Organization for Nuclear Research, Geneva 23."
Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
trographiques et G&
The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Royal Melbourne Hospital, Victoria 3050.&
"Birkbeck College Crystallography Laboratory, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. Sept. 7."
  Division of Cellular and Molecular Medicine,&
Laboratoire de Neuroendrocrinologie Experimentale, Facult&
"Forestry Commission Research Station, Alice Holt Lodge, Wrecclesham, Farnham, Surrey"
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Division of Textile Physics, Ryde, Sydney."
t, Heidelberg. Jan. 3."
"Laboratory of Immunology and &
Observatoire, 41 bis, Avenue de l''Observatoire, 25000 Besan&
"Research and Development Division, National Dairy Products Corporation, Oakdale, Long Island, N.Y. Oct. 14."
"HM Nautical Almanac Office, Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Sussex."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. July 16."
"Health Physicist and Radiation Protection Officer, University of Sheffield.City General Hospital, Sheffield."
, UNAM, ApartadoPostal 70-264, 04510 M&
Advanced Instrumentation Unit, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.&
"Laboratoire de Microbiologie du Centre d''Enseignement et de Recherches des Industries Alimentaires, and Laboratoire de Biochimie des Microorganismes, Universit&
"Department of Physiology, King''s College, University of London."
"Fibres Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Hookstone Road, Harrogate. March 26."
Centro degli Acidi Nucleici del C.N.R., Istituto di Fisiologia Generale, Universit&agrave
nie Chimique, 183 Avenue de Tervueren, Bruxelles, 4. March 14."
"Department of Genetics, The University, Glasgow."
"Hatherly Biological Laboratories, Prince of Wales Road, Exeter."
"Departments of Anatomy and Biochemistry, University College, London W1."
"University of Li&
"4 Raymead Way, Fetcham, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Centre de Recherches Volcanologiques-CNRS, Universit&
"Department of Psychology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Zentrum f&
"U.S. Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory, Hanover, New Hampshire."
trographiqu.es et G&
ren-Institut, Breisach/Rheim."
"I. Physiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Borneo Malaria Research, Labuan, British North Borneo. May 10."
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and &
"Department of Pharmacology, Pfizer, Ltd., Sandwich, Kent."
Sophomore medical student trainee, Johns Hopkins University.&
"Department of Zoophysiology and Parasitology, University of Ghent. March 15."
"Biology Division, National Cancer Center, Research Institute, Tsukiji 5-1, Chuo-ku, Tokyo"
sk 80&
"Department of Geography, Birkbeck College (University of London), London, W.C.1. Aug. 6."
Biological and Adult Psychiatry Branches, &
Montreal General Hospital Research Institute, Montreal."
r Petrographie und Geochemie, Universit&auml
"Chester Beatty Research Institute and Royal Marsden Hospital, Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3"
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. March 3."
pato-Pancr&
diatrie, H&
"Botany Department, Bedford College, London, N.W.1. Jan. 29."
"Instituto &
"The Radiochemical Centre, Amersham, Bucks."
"Institut Interuniv. des Sciences Nucl&
ronomie du Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique&
"Department of Chemistry, The University, Leicester."
Postdoctoral Fellow, U.S. Public Health Services."
"Botany Department, Bedford College, London, N.W.1. May 29."
r Infektions- und Tropenmedizin der Universit&auml
Inglehurst&
"Central Research Establishment 1, National Coal Board, Stoke Orchard, Cheltenham. Aug. 18."
 Vargas&
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.l. May 23."
"Department of Orthop&
Correspondence can be addressed to either author."
Genetics Laboratory and &
"Physics Department, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
r Biologische Kybernetik, Spemannstrasse 38, D-72076 T&
Max Kade Fellow."
"Department of Physiology, Warner-Lambert Research Institute, Morris Plains, New Jersey."
 and Facultad de Ciencias Exactas y Naturales, Obligado 2490, Buenos Aires. Sept. 9."
Anton Pannekoek&
"East Malling Research Station, Kent."
"Department of Anthropology, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo. May 9."
a Celular, CSIC, Vel&
"Institut Pasteur,Facult&
45555
 l''Energie Atomique, D&
"Geologisch Instituut, Laboratorium voor Kristalkunde, University of Ghent, Ghent. July 18."
Department of Entomology, Transvaal Museum&
Present address: Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo."
decine, 45 Rue des Saints-P&
Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, London WC1E 6JJ"
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. Jan. 24."
r Entwicklungsphysiologie, Universit&auml
International Agency for Research on Cancer, World Health Organization, Lyon&
"Research Laboratories, Kodak, Ltd., Harrow, Middlesex."
"ARC Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Bertshire"
"Department of Botany, Westfield College (University of London)."
 and Acetate and Synthetic Fibres Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Coventry Works."
nica del Suelo, Institute de Edafologia, and Institute de Optica, C.S.I.C., Madrid."
"Department of Agriculture (Animal Husbandry), University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Dec. 6."
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk."
"Department of Geology, University College, London.Department of Geology, Bedford College, London."
ge
"Institute of Child Health (University of London), Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1. Aug. 31."
Laboratory of Viral Diseases and &
o Jos&
"Torry Research Station, Aberdeen. July 30."
"The Veterans Administration Medical Center and Departments of &
"Lehrstuhl f&
"Corona Group, C. A. Parsons and Co. Ltd., Newcastle upon Tyne, 6."
"Departments of Bacteriology and Medical Physics, School of Medicine, Leeds."
193 Euston Road, London, N.W.1."
Agricultural Research Council, Scientific Staff."
Present address: CSIRO Division of Food Preservation, Box 43, Ryde, NSW 2112."
hringen."
"Wenner-Grens Institute, University of Stockholm, Stockholm. Feb. 17.&
partement de Bact&
g&
Permanent address: Max-Planck-Institut f&
"National Institute of Agricutural Botany, Sub-Station, Seale-Hayne Agricultural College, Newton Abbot, Devon."
Fellows from the Conselho Nacional de Pesquisas."
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Cairo,"
Present address: Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"The McGill-Montreal General Hospital Research Institute, 3619 University St., Montreal, P.Q.&
"Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, W.2."
"Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks. August 17."
"Departments of Biochemistry and &
Laboratoire de G&
Laboratoire de Microbiologie et G&
"Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, University of London, London, W.2."
"Textile Physics Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, The University, Leeds 2. Nov. 29."
"Department of Pathology, University College, Galway. Dec. 30."
"   Department of Genetics and Howard Hughes Medical Institute&
"Department of Chemistry and Metallurgy, Lanchester College of Technology, Coventry."
"Regional Research Centre, University of the West Indies, Trinidad."
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Tokyo."
veloppement, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique-Unit&
"Department of Physiology, University College, London WC1."
 Division of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, 127&
"Birkbeck College (University of London), Malet Street, London, W.C.1. Aug. 28."
Present address: Uppsala Universitet Wallenberglaboratoriet, Dag Hammerskj&
Medical Research Fellow."
"Coal Research Establishment, National Coal Board, Stoke Orchard, Glos. Dec. 5."
A Wellcome Research Travel Grant is gratefully acknowledged."
 and Chemistry, &
Biochemistry and Biophysics, &
"Rhodes Inyanga Estate and National Park, Rusape, Southern Rhodesia. April 20."
Supported by a grant from the Medical Research Council.&
"Polymer Research Laboratories, Department of Chemical Technology, Institute of Technology, Bradford."
Departments of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences&
"University of St. Andrews, University College, Dundee. April 30."
Human Genetics and &
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Bedford."
Senior Investigator, U.S. Arthritis and Rheumatism Association."
"Unit of Experimental Medicine, International Institute of Cellular and Molecular Pathology, Universit&
se Mol&
"Department of Surgery, Division of Ophthalmology and the Division of Experimental Radiology&
 University, Brno, Czechoslovakia.German Academy of Sciences, Institute of Microbiology and Experimental Therapy, Jena."
"Royal Institute of Science, Bombay 1. Feb. 8."
Agricultural Research Council Research Student."
"Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. Nov. 30."
"Department of Bacteriology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London Bridge, London, S.E.1."
"Department of Physics, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London."
 Laboratoire de Physique de la Mati&
"Bencard Allergy Research Unit, Beecham Research Laboratories, Betchworth, Surrey."
"Centre de Physiologie V&
"Institute of Morphology and Physiology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Zagreb."
"Museum of Applied Arts and Sciences, Sydney. Nov. 27."
"Department of Biophysics, Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen S., andState Veterinary Serum Laboratory, Copenhagen V."
Present address: Plant Protection Ltd, Jealotts Hill Research Laboratories, Bracknell, Berkshire."
r Immunologie, Freiburg."
 Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology, &
"Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Cleeve Road, Leatherhead, Surrey."
t Heidelberg, Institut f&
"E. I. du Pont de Nemours &amp
Grant Medical College, and J. J. Group of Hospitals, Byculla, Bombay-8&
Allergy Department, St Mary''s Hospital, London W2&
"Torry Research Station, Aberdeen. May 31."
"Department of Physiology, Abbassia. Medical Faculty, University of Ibrahim, Cairo. Sept. 6."
 Climatic Research Unit and &
"Fritz-Haber-lnstitutder Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Faradayweg 4&
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo."
"Laboratoire de Cristallographie Biologique, and&
partement de Biochimie, Universit&
partement de Physico-Chimie, Centre d''&
"E. O. Hulburt Center for Space Research&
a Industrial, Buenos Aires&
"Institute of Cancer Research, Clifton Avenue, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey"
"Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Research Laboratory, Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. April 9."
 Dohme Research Laboratories,&
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry and&
"Instituto Osvaldo Cruz, Minist&
"Cellular Biochemistry and Biophysics Program, and  &
"Paint Research Station, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Research Department, I.C.I. (Nobel Division), Stevenston, Ayrshire. Dec. 14."
Operated with support from the U.S. Advanced Research Projects Agency."
"National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md.&
"Institute for Plant Pathology and Institute for Plant Breeding, University of G&
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry and &
"Robert Koch-Institut, 1 Berlin 65, Nordufer 20"
 des Sciences Marseille, 1.Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Centre de Recherches Scientifiques Industrielles et Maritimes, Marseille, 6."
Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy and Biochemistry, University of Zagreb, Zagreb&
Department of Microbiology and Immunology and&
Employed by the U.S. Brewers Association, Inc."
"Departments of Physiology and Molecular Biophysics &
"Institute of Genetics, University of Stockholm, Stockholm. Sept. 11."
"Department of Membrane Biophysics, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Biochemistry and Department of Genetics, University, Glasgow, W.2. July 17.&
Eukaryotic Regulatory Biology Program, School of Medicine and &
"Research Institute for Animal Husbandry, &
lischen Technischen Hochschule Aachen, 51 Aachen.&
Present address: Physics Dept, Preston Polytechnic."
"Research Association of British Flour-Millers, Cereals Research Station, Old London Road, St. Albans, Herts."
r Astronomie, K&
"Institute for Medical Genetics, Uppsala.Centrallaboratoriet, Falu Lasarett."
Division of Computer Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.&
Geochemistry Research and&
"Medical Research Council, Blood Group Research Unit, Lister Institute, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berkshire. June 27."
U.S. National Academy of Sciences&
 Basel, Klingelbergstrasse 70, 4056 Basel"
"Laser Laboratory, Children''s Hospital Research Foundation of the Medical Center"
"Institut de Physique Exp&
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 20.&
"Radio Research Station, Slough, Bucks. Feb. 27."
, Toronto, 12."
"Department of Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Faculty of Pharmaceutical Science, University of Tokyo.&
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucestershire.Viriamu Jones Laboratory, University College, Cardiff."
"International Years of the Quiet Sun Secretariat, 6 Cornwall Terrace, London, N.W.1."
Recipient of a Wellcome travel scholarship."
"Culham Laboratory, Nr. Abingdon, Berks,University of London Observatory, Mill Hill Park, London, N.W.7."
"Department of Crystallography, University College, London."
"Jute Research Institute, Tejgaon, Dacca. Aug. 29."
Montreal Children''s Hospital Research Institute, Montreal."
lich-1,FRG."
ve, 1211 Gen&
"Technical Optics Section, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. July 31."
 libre de Bruxelles. July 14."
"Department of Pathology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1&
Physics Department and &
Astronomy Group, Queens University, Kingston, Ontario"
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, N.S.W. Dec. 2."
Present address: Department of Ophthalmology, Victoria Hospital, London, Ontario."
"Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Sept. 25."
"Department of Chemistry, Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
"Laboratory of Radiobiology, The Boris Kidri&
Post-doctoral Fellow of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, United States Public Health Service."
"Division of Inorganic and Metallic Structure, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Pharmacological and Microbiological Institutes, Faculty of Pharmacy
Department Entz&
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Ain Shams University, Cairo."
"Department of Psychology, University of St. Andrews."
Department of Physics,&
"Medical Unit, The London Hospital, Whitechapel, London, E.1."
Permanent address: Centre de G&
"Bedford College, University of London. July 13."
"Research Laboratories, Orion Oy, Helsinki. Jan. 24."
"Antibiotics Research Centre, Hindustan Antibiotics, Ltd., Pimpri, Poona 18."
Now Leverhulme Research Fellow, Imperial College, London."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd.(Paints Division),Wexham Road,Slough, Bucks.Feb. 25."
r Genetik, Am Hubland, D-97074 W&
"Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1. May 14."
r Anorganische Chemie, Johannes-Gutenberg Universit&auml
 Ferrara, V. Fossato di Mortara, 66, 44100 and&
"Department of Ophthalmology, University of Ghent."
Present address: Department of Surgery, Banting Institute, 100 College Street, Toronto."
r Kristallographie der Universit&auml
"Laboratory of Cytology of Plants and Apomixis, Central Botanical Gardens, Siberian Branch of the Academy of Sciences, U.S.S.R."
"Department of Physical Chemistry, King''s College, University of London, Strand, London, W.C.2. June 14."
"Department of Biophysics, King''s College London, 26&
Post-sophomore Fellow of U.S. Public Health Service.&
"Huntingdon Research Centre, Huntingdon"
 des Sciences et Techniques du Languedoc, Place E. Bataillon&
"Ericsson Telephones, Ltd., Instrument Division, High Church Street, New Basford, Nottingham. June 9."
"Department for Mathematical Physics, University, Edinburgh."
r Biologie, Abteilung Beermann, 74 T&
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow. Oct. 2."
"The Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Southampton. Sept. 19."
"Foundation for Research on the Nervous System
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Limited, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire. June 16."
cnica, S&
Present addresses: Englisches Seminar, Universit&auml
"*&
teborg. March 30."
"Material Research Laboratory, Philips Electrical, Ltd., Mitcham Junction, Surrey."
Laboratoire de Neuropharmacologie, Coll&
"The Medical Professorial Unit and Department of Chemical Pathology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London EC1."
"Botany Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 23."
 di Firenze.Istituto di Fisica Medica, Universit&
"Department of Electronmicroscopy, University, Greifswald.Department of General Biology, University, Berlin."
"Hosa Research Laboratories, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex. June 6."
Department of Biology and  &
"British Rayon Research Association and Davy Faraday Laboratory, Royal Institution, London, W.1."
Department of Geological Sciences andInstitute for the Study of the Continents, Snee Hall and,&
"Psychopharmacology Laboratory, Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh."
National Science Foundation Predoctoral Fellow."
Genetics and Developmentand&
"Departamento de Fisiologia, Faculdade de Medicina, Universidade de S&
"Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital, London."
tiques de I''Enfant,INSERM U-12, et D&
"Special Unit for Investigation and Treatment, New South Wales State Cancer Council, Prince of Wales Hospital, Randwick, New South Wales."
"State Institute of Blood Group Serology, Stockholm.Medical Research Council, Blood Group Reference Laboratory, London."
ttingen, D-3400 G&
"Central Research Establishment of the National Coal Board. Oct. 15."
"Zoology Department, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
aires de Grenoble, Section de Physique du Solide, D&
 MRC Clinical and Population Cytogenetics Unit, and &
"Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern, Worcestershire."
"E. I. Du Pont de Nemours and Co., Savannah River Laboratory, Aiken, South Carolina."
"Geology Division, Northern Polytechnic, London, N.7."
"Health Physics Department, Danish Atomic Energy Commission, Research Establishment, Ris&
gicas and Departamento de Bioqu&
Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences&
tique et de Biologie Mol&
r, Debrecen."
Present address: South Eastern Gas Board, Katharine Street, Croydon, Surrey."
"Radiophysics Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney."
"Subdivision of Immunochemistry, Division of Biological Research, Ontario Cancer Institute
"Department of Bacteriology, The University, Glasgow."
Polymer Group, Materials Department, Ris&
Fachbereich Physik, Freie Universit&auml
"Laboratory of Fisheries Chemistry, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo. July 24."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Agricultural Division, Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berkshire."
"Endocrinological Institute, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, Obrancov mieru 1/a, Czechoslovakia."
Author to whom correspondence should be addressed."
Permanent address: Servicio Nacinal de Geolog&
t Berlin."
"RCA Laboratories, Princeton, New Jersey 08540"
"Institute for Nuclear Study, University of Tokyo, Tokyo."
"Departments of&
"Technical University, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
"Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen.Alfred J&
"Division of Neurology, Children''s Memorial Hospital, Chicago."
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield. Dec. 5."
"Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. July 17."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Plant Industry, Canberra."
 Permanent addresses: 1st Department of Anatomy, Semmelweis Univ. Med. Sch. Budapest, T&
royar Jardfr&
"Departments of Macromolecular Sciences,&
"Service de Chimie-Physique, Centre d''&
a, Escuela de Medicina, Universidad Cat&
"East Mailing Research Station, East Mailing, Maidstone, Kent.&
ti 2."
"Danish Isotope Centre/ATV, 2, Skelb&
Juan Noe&
67404 Illkirch C&
 Centre for Rheumatic Diseases, and University Department of Medicine, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow
"Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow, Glasgow W2"
 libre
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. March 23.&
"Pathology Department, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London."
"The Wright-Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2. July 20."
Division of Biology, 156&
School of Biological Sciences, QueenMary and Westfield College, Mile End Road, University of London, London El 4NS,UK&
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts."
Zoologisches Institut und Zoologisches Museum der Universit&auml
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Naples. June 22."
Fulbright Research Scholar. Permanent address, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sheep Biology Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales."
Present address: Chelsea Hospital for Women, Dovehouse Street, London, SW3."
a Molecular (CSIC-UAM), Universidad Aut&
"Technical High School, Aachen."
"Applied Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Agricultural Experiment Station and Institute for Soil Research T.N.O., Gr&
.Dairy Department, Faculty of Sciences, Nancy."
"The Fibiger-Laboratory, Biochemical Section.&
"Department of Surgery, Division of Orthop&
CSIRO Division of Meteorological Physics, Aspendale, Victoria 3195&
"Pharmacological Laboratories, Sandoz, Ltd., Basle."
"Department of Physics, and &
e 765, Universit&
"Joint Fisheries Research Organization, Nkata Bay, Nyasaland."
NEURES Ltd, 4&
"Chemistry Department, The Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow, C.1."
"Armed Forces Medical College, Poona. March 10."
re, Domaine Universitaire, BP 96, 38402 St Martin d''H&
"Physiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
ping, S-581 85 Link&
Meadvale&
Rutherford&
"Oceanographic Laboratory, Craighall Road, Edinburgh 6."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, The Children''s Hospital and the&
"National Standards Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney."
mico do Norte, Bel&
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts. Nov. 2."
"Institut de Zoologie, Universit&
"Clinics of Radiology, Medical University, Debrecen.Institute of Applied Physics, Kossuth Lajos University, Debrecen."
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Suginami-ku, Tokyo. Feb. 4."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3.Cancer Research Department, London Hospital Medical College, Ashfield Street, Whitechapel, London, E.I."
 Cheltenham &amp
Fellow of the Norwegian Cancer Society."
"Sec&
"Autonomies Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington.&
"Program in Neuroscience, &
r Biologie, Spemannstrasse 34, D-74 T&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. April 3."
Centre deRecherches P&
h&
"Department of Pathology, Huntingdon Research Centre, Huntingdon."
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr. Oct. 24."
"Standards Department,Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham."
"College of Technology, Byrom Street, Liverpool 3. Aug. 12."
"Department of Experimental Medicine and Department of Pathology, Guy''s Hospital, London."
In receipt of a grant from the Bethlem Royal and Maudsley Hospitals'' Research Fund."
 Present address: Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
 di Roma. July 8."
culaire, B&
 Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, &
Also at Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad&
"Instituto de Pesquisas Espaciasis&
ontologie und historische Geologie, Richard-Wagner-Strasse 10, 8000 M&
"The Jagellonian University, Cracow. Nov. 29."
Present address: Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
"Chemistry Department, Queen''s College, Dundee."
"Department of Physics, Banaras Hindu University. Oct. 19."
Present address : Straw Road, Hopkinton, New Hampshire."
"Wellcome Laboratories of Pharmacology, Gatty Marine Laboratory, University of St. Andrews.&
"Wellcome Laboratories of Pharmacology, Gatty Marine Laboratory, University of St. Andrews."
"Observatoire de Meudon.University of London Observatory."
"Department of Entomology and Plant Pathology, Macdonald College, Province of Quebec."
"Surgical Unit and Department of Bacteriology, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
Department of Biology, 58, rue de la Glaci&
 Department of Microbiology and Immunology, and G. W. Hooper Foundation
Molecular Biology, &
r Pathologie der Universit&auml
Istituto di Chimica Organica, Universit&agrave
Senior Research Fellow, SF47, of the U.S. Public Health Service."
"Laboratory of Physical Biochemistry, University of Ghent. Sept. 19."
tedra de Biolog&
 To whom reprint requests should be sent."
r Biochemie, Munich 15."
cules, Strasbourg.&
cules, Strasbourg."
omagn&
Present address: Mediz Univ. Klinik, Chemisches Labor., Heidelberg."
"Radiophysics Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. April 23."
rale, University of Brussels. Aug. 25."
"Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
r Molekularbiologie II, Universit&auml
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, Wheatstone Laboratory, King''s College, London.Department of Zoology, King''s College, London.&
"Department of Geology, King''s College, University of London."
cology Department, Sabbotsbergs Hospital, Stockholm."
Present address: Institut National de la Sant&
 Research Ltd., Milstead Laboratory of Chemical Enzymology, Broad Oak Road, Sittingbourne, Kent."
Present address: Department of Biological Sciences, Portsmouth College of Technology."
r Tierhygiene, Universit&auml
"Research Laboratory, Tate and Lyle, Ltd., Keston, Kent. Oct. 29."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. July 26.&
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, Pretoria."
These two authors contributed equally to this manuscript.&
"Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Tel-Aviv University Medical School"
Service de P&
"Department of Pathology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario.Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, Melbourne."
Laboratoire de Zoologie (ERA 227)&
Present address: Medical Research Laboratories, Charing Cross Hospital, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Botany, University College, London, W.C.1.Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, London, W.C.2"
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, South Melbourne."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. March 22."
"Ashton Wold, Peterborough&
"Chemical Division, Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent. Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, 183&
"Group for Research in the Physiology of Vision, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. July 6."
 A. Emery, Medical School, Teviot Place, Edinburgh EH189GA, UK
104 01, Stockholm 60"
r Mikrobiologie, Universit&auml
"Experimental Psychology Laboratory, Institute of Neurology, London."
"Departments of Oral Histopathology and Pathology II, University of Ume&
"Agricultural Research Council Letcombe Laboratory, Wantage, Berkshire"
"Bookers Sugar Estates, Ltd., Georgetown, British Guiana."
"Radar Research Establishment, Ministry of Supply, Great Malvern, Worcs. Dec. 14."
stav, Letensk&
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh."
teborg, S-412 96 G&
 Department of Psychology, and &
"Department of Pathology, Royal Veterinary College, London.St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"The Laboratory for Research on Steroid Hormones, Akademiska Sjukhuset, Uppsala."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12. March 5."
"European Research Associates, s.a., 95 rue Gatti de Gamond, Brussels."
Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College, London&
Centre de Recherches de Biochimie Macromol&
"Government Industrial Research Institute, Nagoya."
Present address: The National Hospital, Queen Square, London, W.C.1.&
"Sub-Department of Histology, Department of Anatomy, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Newport Road, Cardiff. Aug. 17."
"Research Department, Unilever, Ltd., Port Sunlight, Cheshire. March 8."
"Institut G&
"Biochemical Laboratory, Royal Samaritan Hospital, Glasgow, S.2. Nov. 22."
"The Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire.C. Davidson and Sons, Ltd., Mugiemoss Mills, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Aug. 26."
"Department of Chemistry, University, Sydney. Aug. 11."
"Department of Bacteriology, Immunology Unit, University of Edinburgh Medical School.&
Fellow of the U.S. National Institutes of Health (1960&
E. I. DuPont de Nemours &amp
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974."
Boursier des gouvernements de la province de Qu&
Division of Neuroscience and The Mental Retardation Research Center, The Children''s Hospital
 Institut de Pal&
ssische Technische Hochschule, Z&
"Institute for Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm."
"Bureau des Recherches Geologiques et Mini&
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemannstrasse 35/III, D-7400 T&
Planck-Institut f&
Fellow of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization for the year 1961&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow."
"Department of Immunochemistry and Allergy, Royal Victoria Hospital, Montreal.&
"Department of Chemistry, Escola Superior de Agricultura &
"Central Research Laboratories, United Fruit Co., Norwood, Mass."
"Life Sciences Research Division, IIT Research Institute, Chicago."
Pharmacology, Merck Frosst Centre for Therapeutic Research, PO Box 1005, Pointe Claire-Dorval, Qu&
"Department of Botany, University College, Leicester. July 5."
tel&
"Basic Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington.Institut d''Astrophysique, Li&
"Department of Social and Preventive MedicineDepartment of Zoology, University College, Cork."
"Department of Zoology, University, Lucknow. June 6."
"Scheikundig Laboratorium der Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam. Nov. 19."
Department of Zoology and Genetics, &
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
"Gordon Hall, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne, N.2. June 16."
Physics Department, Ris&
Department of Medicine, and &
chtung Busgenweg 2, D-3400 G&
ce a chor&
Army Personnel Research Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire."
r Virologie, Zentrum f&
"Hawthorndale Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks. Dec. 19."
t, Frankfurt-am-Main.&
Research Fellow in Chemical Pathology."
Laboratory of Viral Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Institute&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Dec. 12."
 Medicine,&
 Oral Surgery and &
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent. May 27."
"Medical Research Council Laboratory Animals Centre, Carshalton, Surrey.National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London."
culaire et Cellulaire,Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, 15, rue Ren&
Rh&
mica, Madrid. Nov. 30."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Division of Animal Health and Production, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, N.S.W. April 27."
"Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113"
"Research Institute of National Defence, Stockholm."
Physics Laboratory II, H. C. &
pital Saint Vincent de Paul, Facult&
"Central Laboratory, Staatsmijnen in Limburg, Geleen. Jan. 7."
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, University of London, London, N.W.l."
Department of Toxicology and Pathology, Hoffmann&
On leave from the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay."
"St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
Present address: Laboratory of the Institute for Muscle Research, at the Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, Mass."
"Birkbeck College Crystallography Laboratory, University of London, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. Jan. 11."
"Department of Mathematics, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
n, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
a, Facultad de Ciencias M&
Laboratoire de Psychologie Exp&
"Physical Chemistry Laboratory, Northern Polytechnic, Holloway, London, N.7."
"MRC Mammalian Development Unit, Wolfson House, 4 Stephenson Way, London NW1 2HE, and &
Present address: School of Pharmacy, Brighton Technical College."
"Department of Chemical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Dec. 12."
Fellow of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche."
"Division of Pathology, Huntingdon Research Centre, Huntingdon"
"Muscular Dystrophy Research Laboratories, Newcastle upon Tyne General Hospital.&
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. Nov. 29."
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn, Herts. Feb. 8."
 Laboratoire de Biologie Physicochimique, Universit&
t, Mainz. Oct. 29."
 Alexis Carrel, 69372 Lyon C&
r Medizinische Mikrobiologie, und Immunologie der Universit&auml
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 3."
"Division of Hepatology, Medical Department A, University Hospital of Copenhagen."
"Meteorological Office, Air Ministry, Kingsway, London, W.C.2. June 18."
"International Meteorological Centre, Colaba Observatory, Bombay, 5.&
Present address: Division of Haematology, Department of Medicine, H&
"Institute of Biochemistry, Uppsala. Aug. 18.&
Clinical Research Centre Laboratories, National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London NW7.&
Now at the Physics Department, University of Sheffield."
um, London, S.W.1. Sept. 9."
"Istituto di Chimica Generale ed Inorganica, Universit&agrave
"Institute of Physical Chemistry, University of Li&
To whom requests for reprints should be sent."
Special Research Fellow (DF-9053), N.I.D.R., at the time this work was done."
"The Chemical Laboratories, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1."
ck Centre for Molecular Medicine, Robert-R&
culaire et Cellulaire, Universit&
"Biochemistry Unit, Wool Textile Research Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Jan. 15."
e, Facult&
"Department of Physiology, University Medical School, Teviot Place, Edinburgh EH8 9AG"
Present addresses: Immunology Laboratory, &
Laboratory of Viral Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Institute, NIH, and &
Institute de Astrofisica de Canarias, La Laguna, Tenerife"
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Dec. 5."
Pharmacology and &amp
"Birkbeck College, London, E.C.4.Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. May 16."
"Faculdade de Filosofia, Ci&
"Research and Development Department, The United Steel Companies, Ltd., Swinden Laboratories, Rotherham."
nchen, 8000 M&
School of Chemistry, &
"Departamento de Qu&
tique de I''INSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Department of Inorganic Chemistry, Imperial College, London SW7."
Marine Research Institute, Sk&
"Department of Physics, University of Lucknow. June 25.&
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of St. Andrews Medical School, Dundee. Dec. 20."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. Feb. 21."
"Twyford Laboratories, 309 Elveden Road, London, N.W.10."
"The Third Department of Internal Medicine, University of Tokyo.Department of Nutrition and Biochemistry, Institute of Public Health, Tokyo."
x000B4
x000B6
x000B7
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. Nov. 23."
National Institutes of Health post-doctoral trainee."
Institute of Molecular Biology, &
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Children''s Hospital and &
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Nov. 8."
"Biochemistry Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo."
x000BC
"Service de Biochimie, D&
r Tierzucht und Tierf&
AT&amp
"Fruit and Vegetable Canning and Quick Freezing Research Association, Chipping Campden, Glos."
t, Bonn. Dec. 21."
r Organische Chemie der Universit&auml
"Department of Anatomy and Developmental Biology, and &
"MRC Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Berkshire.Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Institute of Infectious Diseases, University of Naples, Via Cotugno 1."
tudes Texturales, 4 rue Montoyer, Brussels. Nov. 28."
"C. L. Bencard Allergy Research Unit, Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Betchworth, Surrey. Nov. 23."
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London."
"IGS Global Seismology Unit, Edinburgh"
"Central Laboratory, Staatsmijnen in Limburg, Geleen. Dec. 15."
"Laboratory of Biochemistry, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, 8092 Z&
ETH Z&
"Istituto di Anatomia Patologica, Divisione di Cancerologia Sperimentale, Universit&
"Department of Geophysics, E&
"Research Laboratory, Arthur Guinness Son &amp
"Department of Pharmacognosy, Pharmaceutical Faculty, Medical Academy, Pozna&
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
"Institute for Diabetes Research and 3rd Medical Department, Schwabing City Hospital, 8 Munich 40, K&
"Special Unit for Investigation and Treatment, New South Wales State Cancer Council, Randwick, New South Wales. Aug. 20."
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.&
"Research Institute for Plant Protection, Budapest."
"Forest Insect Laboratory, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. July 30."
"Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair. Feb. 17."
"Department of Chemistry, University College, University of London."
"Departments of Zoology and Pathology (Western Infirmary), University of Glasgow, Glasgow W2"
"Institute for Low Temperatures, Louvain. Jan. 10."
"Department of Biophysics University of Buffalo, School of Medicine, Buffalo, N.Y."
"Technical Optics Section, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 10."
"University Chemical Laboratory, University of Kent at Canterbury."
"Instruments and Control Systems Laboratory, Division of Mechanical Engineering, National Research Council, Ottawa, 2."
WACOM, and &
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Feb. 11."
al, P.Q."
"Institut du Radium, Annexe d''Arcueil, 4 Ave. de la Convention, Arcueil, Seine. July 21."
 Biochemistry and Nutrition and &
St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London"
 D. E. Wilcox, N. A. Affara &amp
Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution&
Work undertaken on behalf of the Medical Research Council."
"C.S.I.R.O., Wheat Research Unit, North Ryde, New South Wales."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks. Oct. 24."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh Medical School."
"Isotope Unit, Barnato Joel Laboratories, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1.&
Ernst-Boehringer-Institut f&
"Glaxo Research Limited, Greenford, Middlesex."
, 400 Roskilde&
"Clinical Pain Section, Neurobiology &amp
Department of Physiology, Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London W8&
Now on the staff of the Poultry Research Centre of the Agricultural Research Council, Edinburgh 9."
"Centre de Recherches canc&
e, Coll&
Present address: Department of Chemistry, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota, Gold Coast."
n, Centro de Investigaciones Biol&
sonance Magn&
 l''Institut National d''Hygi&
"Department of Clinical Research, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
"Equine Research Station, Animal Health Trust, Newmarket."
, Madrid."
"Loraine Gold Mines, Ltd., Geological Department, Allanridge, Orange Free State."
ge. Dec. 23."
decine Dentaire, Universit&
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, University of Lund. Dec. 5."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Dec. 17."
 de Physiologie Cellulaire, Institut du Radium, 91-Orsay."
"Department of Chemistry and Geology and the Department of Textile Chemistry, Clemson College, Clemson, South Carolina.&
"Animal Health Research Laboratory, Division of Animal Health, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parkville, Victoria."
Present address: Home Office Central Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berkshire."
 Brain Research Institute, &
Genetics and Microbiology, and &
"Friedrich-Miescher-Labor der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse 37&
"AEG-Telefunken, Forschungsinstitut, Frankfurt/Main."
"Istituto di Chimica Fisica dell''Universit&agrave
"Department of Physics, Chelsea College of Science and Technology."
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire. April 16."
"Physics Department, St. Vincent''s Hospital, Sydney, N.S.W."
"Department of Physics, Medical School, Guy''s Hospital, London Bridge, S.E.1."
"Surgical Department, University Hospital, Uppsala."
"Veterinary Parasitology Laboratory, Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Yeerongpilly, Queensland."
i&
 Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, London WC1E 7HX,UK"
"ARC Animal Breeding Research Organisation, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JQ"
kemedel AB, S-151 85 S&
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of Sheffield, and Sheffield Royal Infirmary. May 26."
Centre d''Estudis Avan&
"Institue Agronomique, Universit&
 Laboratory of Tumor Cell Biology, NationalCancer Institute&
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
Selby Fellow. Permanent address: Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berks."
20, 919&
"Botany Department, University of S&
"Institut de Physiologie, Universit&
, Institute of Dermatology, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, London, E.9.&
Istituto di Istologia ed Embriologia, Facolt&agrave
"Department of Zoology, National Museum of Wales, Cardiff. March 8."
"Medical Research Council Microbial Genetics Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, and Department of Bacteriology, Postgraduate Medical School, London."
"Serological Department, University Institute of Forensic Medicine, Copenhagen. Oct. 14."
"Department of Botany, University of Glasgow."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 17."
Institut      de G&
"Institute of Nuclear Sciences &
Department of Cell Biology and the &
Canberra.&
"Poultry Experiment Station, Seven Hills, New South Wales."
res, C.P. 500 Trois-Rivi&
"Agricultural Research Council, Field Station, Compton, Newbury, Berks."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 10."
"Laboratory of Biochemistry, Instituto Butantan, C.P. 65, S&
National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA"
National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA&
ontologie, Goldschmidtstrasse 3, W-3400 G&
 di Bologna&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Akers Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts.&
"Botanisches Institut, der Universit&auml
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Akers Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry,Division of Tribophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Melbourne. Dec. 8."
"Medical Research Council, Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2.Animal Breeding and Genetics Research Organisation, Agricultural Research Council, Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh 9.Biochemistry Department, University, Glasgow. Dec. 2."
Laboratory for Technical Physics II&
"Department of Medicine, Bor&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University, St. Andrews. Jan. 19."
Department of Biology, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow"
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.Medizinische Universit&auml
decine, Toulouse."
Virology Laboratory, North Carolina Memorial Hospital, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"Department of Agriculture (Animal Husbandry), University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Blood Products Unit, Medical Research Institute, Alexandria, U.A.R."
Schlesinger Research Unit, Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Natal, Durban, Natal, and Brenthurst Clinic, Johannesburg."
"Tony Research Station, Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research.White Fish Authority, at Torry Research Station, Aberdeen."
tudes des Applications de l''&
"Laboratory of Animal Morphology, Free University of Brussels."
"Biophysikalische Abteilung, Heiligenberg-Institut, Heiligenberg, Baden."
Central Research and Development Department, Experimental Station, E. I. du Pont de Nemours &amp
"AT&amp
Department of Physiology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514&
Laboratory of Eukaryotic Transcription, &
"Savannah River Laboratory, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., Aiken, South Carolina 29801."
Chicoutimi, Chicoutimi, Qu&
Present address: Institut de Biologie Mol&
"Central Research &amp
Honorary Profesional Fellow. Present address: Coxley Moor, Dockray, Penrith, Cumbria."
teborg 33."
"Commissariat &agrave
 Abteilung Molekulare Biologie, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
ge, 5, avenue de Cointe, B-4200 Cointe-Li&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Hampstead Laboratories, London."
"Radio Research Laboratories, Kokubunji P.O., Koganei-shi, Tokyo."
 University, Bratislava."
"Grant Institute of Geology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9."
"Department of Chemical Technology, Institute of Technology, Bradford, 7."
Present address: Department of Zoology, The University, Southampton."
 la Facult&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, University of London, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Botany, University of Allahabad, Allahabad."
"Camille Dreyfus Laboratory, Research Triangle Institute, P.O. Box 490, Durham, North Carolina.&
Laboratory of Vision Research, National Eye Institute and &
Present address: The Applied Psychology Unit, Admiralty Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Toxicology Research Unit, MRC Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Research Department,Medical Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. Dec. 10."
Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110&
"Dept. of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, University College, Cardiff. Nov. 8."
"Institute of Medical Physics, Budapest."
tique de 1''INSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
 Institute for SensoryResearch and Department of Bioengineering and Neuroscience, and&
"Department of Genetics and &
"Department of Apiculture,Department of Chemistry, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, Ontario."
"Veterinary College, State University, Ghent."
Unitat de Biologia Cellular and &
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, London, S.W.3, and Barnato-Joel Laboratories, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1.&
"Wantage Radiation Laboratory, Isotope Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell.Department of Bacteriology, School of Medicine, Leeds. Dec. 12."
Junior Research Unit, Max-Planck-Institut f&
 Biochemistry, &
"Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1."
"Microbiological Institute, and Pharmacological Institute, Faculty of Pharmacy, Bulevar JNA 10, Belgrade.&
National Marine FisheriesService, 101 Rivers Island Road, Beaufort, North Carolina 28516,USA&
"Institute de Biolog&
 Department of Medicine&
"Department of Veterinary Pathology, University of Glasgow, Bearsden Road, Glasgow"
"Experimental Protozoology Unit, Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow.Applied Protozoology Unit, Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, University of Edinburgh."
rate et de Zoologie, Universit&
"Department of Metallurgy, The University, Nottingham."
"Botany Department, University, Leeds 2. July 28."
x000F8
UK Atomic Energy Authority, Radiological Protection Division, Harwell, Berkshire.&
Present address: Research Laboratory, M. and T. Chemicals, Rahway, New Jersey."
t, Halle a.d. Saale."
"Applied Physiology Laboratory, Transvaal and Orange Free State Chamber of Mines, Johannesburg."
ncias Geol&
"Swiss Tropical Institute, Basel. July 30."
Tissue Culture Laboratory, Yokohama City University, School of Medicine, Yokohama&
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, 32 Rutland Drive, Harrogate."
"Fibiger Laboratory, Copenhagen.&
"Department of Pharmacology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London.National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London.&
Department of Psychiatry, Biological Psychiatry Research Unit&
"Cosmic Ray Group, Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7"
"Department of Chemistry, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1. Feb. 24."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Vristol. Aug. 13."
Meteorological Office, Bracknell, Berkshire."
s de Gif-sur-Yvette (S. et O.)."
Glasshouse Crops Research Institute, Littlehampton, Sussex"
Ziona. April 8."
"Fibre Science Research Laboratory, Department of Textile Technology, Royal College of Science and Technology&
partement de M&
r Molekularbiologie und Tumorforschung, Phillips-Universit&auml
r Virologie der Universit&auml
"Departments of Anatomy and Sociology&
"Biologisch Laboratorium and &
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Homi Bhabha Road, Bombay&
partement des Sciences de la Terre,Universit&
57."
"Klinisch-Chemisches Institut an der Chirurgischen Klinik der Universit&auml
"Division of Textile Industry, C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, Geelong, Victoria."
"Liesbeek Cancer Research Clinic, Liesbeek Road, Rosebank, Cape Town.&
"State Institute for Blood Group Serology, Statens R&auml
"Geography Department, Mount Gravatt College of Advanced Education, Mount Gravatt, Queensland 4122, Australla"
"University College, Gower Street, London WC1."
 Claude Bernard-Lyon 1, Centre de G&
"Argonne National Laboratory, Argonne."
"Tokyo College of Science, Kagurazaka, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo. May 20."
odynamique Chimique, Universiti&
"Department of Applied Physics, Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cardiff."
x00060
"Blood Transfusion Department, Armed Forces Medical College, Poona 1. June 22."
"Department of Antibacterial Chemotherapy, Research and Development, Astra Alab AB, S-151 85 S&
"Department of Politics, University of Lancaster, Bailrigg, Lancaster"
"Department of Biology, Leicester College of Technology and Commerce."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514."
ontologie, Richard-Wagner-Strasse 10, D-8000 M&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Sept. 28."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Aug. 21.&
"Research Laboratory, Clinique M&
BRGM, Centre Oc&
"Department of Zoology and Animal Biology, King''s College, London."
Cardiovascular Division, Department of Internal Medicine, Institute of Clinical Medicine, and &
"Research Department, Plastics Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Limited, Winnington, Northwich, Cheshire. Oct. 9."
"Bacteriology Research Section, Commonwealth Serum Laboratories, Parkville, Victoria"
nchen, D-8000 M&
"Biochemical Institute, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest. Jan. 2."
"Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College, University of London."
Laboratory of Chemoprevention, National Cancer Institute and &
"Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College, University of London.&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Clifton Avenue, Belmont, Sutton, Survey."
"Finsen Memorial Hospital, and Radium Centre, Copenhagen. Sept. 22."
"Nuffield Institute of Comparative Medicine, Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London NW1 4RY"
"Research Institute of National Defence, Division of Physics, Stockholm 80."
"Laboratory of the Government Chemist, London."
"Department of Genetics, University of Li&
"Department of Bacteriology, London Hospital, E.l. Aug. 21."
"Seizure Unit and the Division of Clinical Neurophysiology, Department of Neurology, Children''s Hospital Medical Center, and the Department of Neurology, Harvard Medical School."
"Esso Research, Ltd., Abingdon, Berkshire."
"Department of Pathology, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Dec. 13."
"Laboratoire de Biologie g&
 de Recherches de G&
"Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley, Gloucestershire."
"Geological Survey, P.O. Box 401, Pretoria. April 16."
dex 05"
rik, Ko&
"Department of Clinical Endocrinology and Diseases of Metabolism, University Hospital, Leyden. Dec. 1.&
t Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 282, D&
7221
"Harvard College Observatory. April 6."
"Theodor Kocher Institut der Universit&auml
Also at Universit&
Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, Bombay-12&
"Wellcome Laboratories for Research into Diseases of the Skin, University Department of Dermatology, Newcastle upon Tyne"
Section of Cell and Molecular Biology, and &
DAPNIA,Centre d''&
"Instrument Division, Meteorological Office, Air Ministry, Headstone Drive, Harrow, Middlesex. Nov. 16."
Universidad Nacional Autonoma de M&
Departments of Therapeutic Radiology and of Molecular Biophysics &amp
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Arbeitsgruppe J&auml
"Magneto-hydro Dynamics Section, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Langley Research Center, Langley Station, Hampton, Va."
"Laboratoire de Morphologic animale, Facult&
Department of Haematology, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex"
Member of the scientific staff of the Medical Research Council."
Present address: Environmental Health Section, School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine, the University, Sydney, N.S.W."
tallogenie, Universit&
"Division of Plant Industry, C.S.I.R.O., Field Station, Applethorpe, Queensland."
"Abteilung Neurochemie, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Medical Research Council Toxicology Research Unit, Serum Research Institute, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. Aug. 14."
"Research Laboratory for Soil Biology, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Sopron."
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, 8 Hunter Street, London, W.C.1. March 20."
PhysicsDepartment, &
"Bede College, Durham."
"Institute of Pharmacology, Friedrich-Schiller Universit&auml
"Department of Cellular Biology and Histology, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
To whom correcpondence should be addressed."
"Department of Chemistry, Canisius College, Buffalo 8, N.Y."
"Blood Group Reference and Research Laboratory, 735 Notre Dame Avenue, Winnipeg. Sept. 13."
Present address: The National Hospital, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
x02032
 Brain Research Institute, and&
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, Pretoria. Nov. 12."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. July 12."
"Department of Metallurgy, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, Queen''s College, Dundee, and Clinical Investigation Unit, Maryfield Hospital, Dundee."
Laboratory associated with the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique."
Now at British Coal Utilization Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey."
 di Parma."
 de Nancy. July 10."
8722
r Mikrobiologie und Experimentelle Therapie, Jena. March 19."
histoire du Coll&
, Napoli. May 16."
"Department of Genetics, Attila Jo&
te de I''enfant, H&
Harvard&
"Chemistry Division, Water Research Association, Medmenham, Marlow, Bucks."
Present address: Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield."
Fundamental Physics Department, Science Faculty, and &
Pathology, Kagoshima University School of Medicine, 1208&
 de Med&
Present address: Chase Farm Hospital, Enfield, Middlesex."
"Departments of Psychology and Psychiatry, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
Research Career Development awardee of the National Institutes of Health."
nister."
Rothschild Fellow for Research in Schizophrenia, University Department of Psychiatry, Morningside Terrace, Edinburgh, 10."
t, D6500 Mainz"
"Department of Physics, Technological Institute, Gda&
"Department of Experimental Pathology, Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, London, S.W.3.Department of Ophthalmology, Royal Marsden Hospital, London, S.W.3."
Institute of Human Genetics, University of Aarhus"
 Department of Radiation Oncology and &
lnstitut fur MedizinischePhysik,&
"3 Church Square, Harrogate."
"Rutherford College of Technology, Newcastle upon Tyne."
tique et Biochimie du D&
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. June 4."
"Mineral Sciences Division, Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, Ottawa."
"Department of Pathology, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia."
"Geophysics Laboratory, Department of Geology, Andhra University, Waltair. July 4."
pital Broussais, 75&
"Department of Physiology, Department of Clinical Neurophysiology, University of G&
bingen, D-7400 T&
mica Nacional, Sacav&
Swedish Water and Air Pollution Research Institute, Box 5207, S-402 24 G&
"Clinical Research Centre Laboratories, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
"Botanisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Heiligenberg&
"Radio Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Slough, Bucks."
"Tin Research Institute, Fraser Road, Perivale, Greenford, Middlesex. Dec. 19."
"Institut de Recherches sur le Cancer Gustave Roussy, Universit&
"Research Department, Ind. Farm. Endoch&
Bouraier F.N.R.S. Suisse."
Dipartimento di Matematica dell''Universit&agrave
Laboratorio de Biof&
"Department of Physical Chemistry, King''s College, London. June 28."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, &
 Trois-Rivi&
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. March 30."
"Department of Radiobiology, The Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
Centre de Biologie mol&
tsklinikum, 43 Essen."
"Laboratorio TeSRE/CNR, Via de''Castagnoli 1, 40126 &
"Blood Group Reference Laboratory, Oslo 38."
"British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool, Mon. Nov. 11."
"Paediatric Institute, State University of Ghent.&
Present address: The Nature Conservancy, 12 Hope Terrace, Edinburgh 9.Pear Tree Cottage, South Street, Woodhurst, Huntingdon."
roides, Facult&
Laboratorio di Chimica Fisica, Istituto Chimico, Universit&agrave
"Department of Bacteriology, Queen Elizabeth College (University of London)."
"Research Department, Blood Bank of P.D.F.,Section of Hematology of I.A.P.I., Rio de Janeiro. Aug. 18."
benhavn &
Department of Pharmacology
partement de Physiologie, Ecole de M&
rologie et d''Immunologie, 94&
"The Research Department, The Marie Curie Memorial Foundation, Harestone Drive, Caterham, Surrey."
"Harvard Medical School, &
Abteilung Virologie der Universit&auml
"Medical Research Center, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, Long Island, N.Y. July 13.&
"Department of Mathematics, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow. Jan. 16."
INSERM V 132, Groupe de Recherche d''Immunologie et Rheumatologie Pediatriques, H&
"Department of Molecular Biology, University of Brussels, 67, rue des Chevaux, B1640 Rhode Saint Gen&
e, Universit&
Laboratoire d'' Entomologie exp&
rapie, Centre National de Recherches sur le Croissance Normale et Pathologique, Universit&
Laboratory of Human Molecular Genetics, Department of Genetics and Microbiology
"Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Warren Spring Laboratory, Stevenage, Herts."
921
"Zoophysiological Institution, University. Lund. Nov. 23."
"Wright-Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital, London."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. June 13."
, Immunology&
 Eukaryotic Regulatory Biology Program, School of Medicine M-013, &
"Bodenseewerk Perkin-Elmer and Co., GmbH. &
"McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales. Sept. 9."
Melbourne Tumour Biology Branch, Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research and &
"Department of Plant Protection, University of Cairo.Cotton Insects Investigations, Department of Crop Protection, Ministry of Agriculture."
"Stazione Sperimentale Olii e Grassi, Milan."
"Ocean Research Institute, University of Tokyo, Nakano, Tokyo."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Medical College, London, E.C.I. Sept. 24."
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Juntendo University, Tokyo."
"Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent."
 Biotechnology Laboratory, Room 237&
"Ultrasonic Laboratories, Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair. May 13."
Towhom correspondence should be addressed."
Department of Structural Research and &
"Department of Zoology, University College, London."
"Institute for Cancer Research and the Lakenau Hospital Research Institute, Philadelphia, Pa. Jan. 20."
"Department of Zoology, University College, London.&
"Physical Laboratory, The University, Southampton."
"Electrical Research Association, Cleeve Road, Leatherhead."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry, University E&
Department of Pediatrics, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514&
 R. Bartlett, M. A. Pericak-Vance &amp
rperphysik, ETH H&
"Max-Volmer-Institut, f&
diatric Research Unit, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
Guest from Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Pediatrics, University of Genoa."
B.O.C.M., Fellow of the Animal Health Trust.&
"Medical Research Department, F. Hoffmann&
"Medical School, Hombourg, Sarre."
"Department of Histochemistry, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London W12."
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 15."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Jan. 24.&
Department of Molecular Genetics and &
"Max Planck-Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, D-3400 G&
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. July 3."
"Dana&
"Dairy Research Section, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Victoria. Dec. 1."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of St. Andrews.Department of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow."
"Medical Research Council Unit for Experimental Virus Research, Department of Virology, University of Glasgow."
 de Recherches de Neurobiologie des Comportements, Rue Camille St Sa&
Mail Stop 105&
Clinical Pharmacology Unit.&
Present address: Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, University of London, London, E.1."
Post-doctoral Fellow of the U.S. National Science Foundation.&
"West African Cacao Research Institute, Tafo, Gold Coast. July 14."
"Department of Biochemistry, The London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
Biologische Anstalt Helgoland, 2 Hamburg 50, Palmaille 9&
"Medical Research Council External Scientific Staff.Lister Institute, Elstree, Herts."
 and Rh Testing Laboratory, Ortho Research Foundation, Raritan, New Jersey. March 1."
Cell Biology and&
"Inland Waters Branch, No. 8 Temp. Bldg, Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, Ottawa, Ontario."
"MRC Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire"
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Laboratories, Ottawa. Nov. 2.National Research Council Postdoctorate Fellow 1955&
 des Sciences, 76&
"U.S. Forest Products Laboratory&
"Fulmer Research Institute, Stoke Poges. Jan. 26."
"Medical Biological Laboratory, RVO&
"Botany Department, University of Glasgow. April 18."
Postdoctoral Research Fellow of the National Heart Institute, National Institutes of Health."
"Department of Botany, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Sept. 30."
e Universit&
"Experimental and Research Station, Cheshunt, Herts."
"Postgraduate School of Librarianship and Information Science Sheffield University Western Bank Sheffield, S10 2TN"
Friedrich-Miescher-Laboratorium der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse 37&
blov a Izolantov, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
Center for Medical Genetics and &
tsklinik, Zurich.Schweizerisches Forschungsinstitut, Medizinische Abteilung, Davos."
"Veterinary Research Station, Glenfield, New South Wales."
"Galton Laboratory, University College, London.Department of Anatomy, London Hospital Medical College."
Division of Neurology, &
r Biologie, Corrensstrasse 42, 7400 T&
"Research Laboratories, AB Pharmacia, Uppsala.Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala."
"Cellular Biochemistry and Biophysics Program, &
Present address: Research and Development Department, Farley''s Infant Food, Ltd., Colnbrook, Bucks."
"National Research Institute of Police Science, 6 Sanban-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Fibres Division, &
Department of Botany and Microbiology, University College, Gower Street, London WC1."
"Sir Howard Grubb, Parsons and Co., Optical Works, Walkergate, Newcastle upon Tyne 6."
cology, Medical Academy, Gda&
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Orthopaedics, University of London, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex."
 akademie v&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Sept. 3."
"Department of Biology, Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3. May 14."
matology Research Unit, Wright&
"Biochemical Engineering Section, Department of Chemical Engineering, University College, London."
"Medical Research Council Cyclotron Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Anatomy,Department of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, University of Nagoya, Nagoya."
r Strahlenbiologie, 44 M&
Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie, Leiden"
"Division of Protein Chemistry, C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, Parkville, N.2, Melbourne."
Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie, Leiden&
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University College, London."
Present address: Division of Anaesthesia, Clinical Research Centre, Watford Road, Harrow, Middlesex HA1, 3OJ."
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. May 31."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2.Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1. Aug. 6."
14794&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College (University of London), Strand, London, W.C.2. April 27."
"Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh."
Biology Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo&
Clinical associate, Endocrinology Branch, National Cancer Institute.&
"Department of Zoology, The University, Nottingham. Nov. 19."
"Clinique et Unit&
"Department of Carcinogenesis, Cancer Institute, University of Louvain."
 Department of Biochemistry andMolecular Genetics, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Imperial College ofScience, Technology and Medicine, London W2 1PG,UK&
"Marine Laboratory, Scottish Home Department, Aberdeen. Dec. 4."
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest. Sept. 1."
"Institute of Therapeutics, Academia Republicii Populare Romine, Bucharest."
Present address: Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Fibres Division, Hookstone Road, Harrogate, Yorkshire."
"Textile Physics Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, The University, Leeds. Sept. 30."
ge. March 15."
"Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Aug. 14."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2.Organisch-chemisches Institut, Johannes Gutenberg Universit&auml
r Vegetative Physiologie der Universit&auml
Present address: D&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London, W.C.1."
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Colaba, Bombay, 5."
"Geology Department, University of Lucknow. Dec. 3."
Present address: Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Fisherman''s Bend, Melbourne."
"Biophysics Department, University College, London, W.C.1. April 1."
Laboratory of Molecular Biology, National Institute of Arthritis, Metabolism and Digestive Diseases&
"Psychiatric Research Unit, University Hospital, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan."
To whom correspondenceshould be addressed."
Wellcome Research Laboratories, Park Langley, Beckenham, Kent."
"Immunology Unit, Department of Bacteriology.Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh Medical School."
Present address: College of Technology, Loughborough."
xico DF."
"Eaton Farm, Cobham, Surrey."
"Chemistry Department, The University, Edgbaston, Birminghan 15."
Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London&
"Clinical Research Centre, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
"Department of Pharmacology, Royal College of Surgeons of England, Examination Hall, Queen Square, London, W.C.1. April 9."
"Institute of Phytochemistry, Kobe College of Pharmacy, Mikage P.O., Kobe."
6463
"Medical Research Council Toxicology Research Unit, Woodmansterne Rd., Carshalton Beeches, Surrey. Nov. 31."
"Dept. of Anatomy, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, (University of London), Paddington, London, W.2. Nov. 1."
"Division of Physical Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
"I.C.I. Paints Division, Marine Paints Research Station, Cumber House, Brixham. Nov. 13."
"Human Nutrition Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London, N.W.3. Jan. 20."
"Department of Biochemistry,Department of Neuropsychiatry, School of Medicine, University of Nagoya. Dec. 22."
partement de Biologie et G&
r Humangenetik der Universit&auml
 de Pharmacie, Universit&
  Molecular Neurobiology and &
"Department of Metallurgy, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Present address: Bureau of Mineral Resources, Box 378, Canberra City, ACT."
"Department of Metallurgy, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"Malaria Reference Laboratory, Horton Hospital, Epsom, Surrey."
canique (associ&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical School and Department of Biochemistry, University College, London. Jan. 13."
"Untersuchungsanstalt f&
ochimie et Cosmochimie, Institut de Physique du Globe et D&
"120 Embleton Crescent, Pointe Claire, Quebec."
"Department of Plant Physiology, Royal Agricultural and Veterinary College, and Surgical Department, Frederiksberg Hospital, Copenhagen. Sept. 1."
European Molecular Biology Laboratory, c/o CENG, LMA BP 85 X, F-38041 Grenoble&
chtungsforschung, Abteilung Molekulare Pflanzengenetik, D-5000   K&
"Groupe de Recherches Ionosph&
Fellow of the International Atomic Energy Agency."
 l''Inserm."
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Sefton Park, Stoke Poges, Bucks."
"The Laboratory of Biochemistry of the Institute of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Kiev, Ukrainian SSR."
"Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Defence Research Board, Shirley Bay, Ottawa, Ontario. May 14."
"Sections of &
"Kyoto Technical University, Matsugasaki, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto."
"Institut de Biologie Mol&
"Neurological Service, Cl&
"The Woolwich Polytechnic, London, S.E.18."
The air mass, I/cos 9, where 9 is the zenith angle, is a measure of the relative pathlength viewed through the Earth''s atmosphere during the observations.&
Materials Research, &
Leukocyte CellBiology Section, Laboratory of Experimental Immunology, f Laboratory ofMolecular Immunoregulation, Biological Response Modifier Program,and&
anologie de Marseille, Universit&
K
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Lund."
"25 Scott House, Princess Elizabeth Way, Cheltenham."
"Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College, London W8."
 The Wellcome Surgical Research Institute
"Institut Pasteur, Lyon.Laboratoire de Physiologie, Facult&
Institute for Medical Research, Copewood Street, Camden, New Jersey 08103&
to, Estado de S&
"Institut Non Lin&
chtungsforschung, D-5000 K&
matology, Hektoen Institute for Medical Research, Cook County Hospital, Chicago."
"Biochimie M&
dicales, Geneva"
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth."
pital Henri Mondor, Cr&
"Bio-Organic Division, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Bombay 400 085"
"Centre de Recherches sur les Macromol&
"Inland Waters Directorate, Department of Environment, Ottawa, Ontario K1A 0E7"
nster, Domagkstra&
, Princeton, New Jersey 08540.&
Present address: Friedrich Miescher-Laboratorium der Max-Plank-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse 37&
"Walter B. James Laboratory for Biophysics, Biological Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, N.Y.&
"Stack Medical Research Laboratories, Khartoum. March 22."
"Vision Research Unit, Medical Research Council, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
193 Euston Road, London, N.W.1. Feb. 14."
"Department of Surgery, Tokyo Metropolitain Okubo Hospital, Nishiokubo 1-Chome, Shinjukuku, and Virology Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute, Tsukiji 5-Chome, Chuoku, Tokyo"
teborg. Sept. 15."
, Laboratorio di Biochimica, and Istituto di Genetica, Universit&agrave
"Institute of Genetics, and Department of Dermatology, Division of Andrology, Free University, Berlin"
r Organische Chemie, Freie Universit&auml
"Insect Biology &amp
Urology and &
"Research Laboratory of Orquima S.A., S&
dicale et Laboratoire de M&
"1Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, and &
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich."
"Max-PlanckInstitute for Psychiatry, Am Klopferspitz ISA, 82152 M&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Nov. 9."
cole Normale Sup&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Edinburgh."
"Laboratory of Molecular Immunoregulation, National Cancer Institute, Frederick Cancer Research Facility, Building 560, Rm 31&
t und der Stadt Frankfurt a.M."
"Zoological Institute, Faculty of Science, University of Kyoto, Kyoto."
Medical Research Fellow, Greek Atomic Energy Commission.&
nie, Universit&
"C. A. Parsons and Co., Ltd., Nuclear Research Centre, Fossway, Newcastle upon Tyne, 6."
 Department of Molecular Genetics and Cell Biology, &
"Istituto Biochimico Italiano, Via Brembo 65, Milano. Aug. 10."
"Chemical Research Laboratories, British Insulated Callender''s Cables, Ltd., Kirkby Trading Estate, Liverpool. June 25."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, Newport Road, Cardiff. June 29."
r Pharmakologie und Toxikologie der Universit&auml
"Department of Physiology, Marischal College, Aberdeen."
 Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology and &
Smith Kline &amp
publique du Tchad."
Instituto de Pesquisas Espaciais, C.P. 515, 12200, S&
"Dept. of Microbiology, Institute of Biology, Czechoslovak Academy of Science, Na cvi&
"Department of Zoology, Department of Biophysics, University of Edinburgh. June 15."
Bundesamt f&
Present address: Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Beds."
"Arbeitsgruppe f&
"Department of Anatomy and Embryology, University College, London, W.C.1. June 29."
"Virus and Cell Biology Department, Merck Sharp &amp
 Present addresses: Department of Clinical Chemistry, Malm&
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi 8. Aug. 18."
"Laboratoire d''Hydrog&
rio Paulista de Biologia, and Instituto Biol&
"Chemistry Department, Queen Mary College, London, E.1. Jan. 23."
Present address: Parasitologie Exp&
 Minist&
Pre-Doctoral Research Fellow of the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness."
 Institute of Zoology, Faculty of Sciences, University of Li&
"Research and Development Division, Glaxo Laboratories, Limited, Greenford, Middlesex."
"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 12."
"Laboratoire d''Histologie et Embryologie, Facult&
Section of Immunobiology, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and &
"MRC Cell Biophysics Unit, 26&
ts-Kinderklinik, Leipzig."
Luiz de Queiroz&
 &agrave
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft."
 du Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique."
"Department of Pathology, Osaka Medical College, Takatsuki City, Osaka"
  To whom correspondence should be addressed.   "
"Baker Medical Research Institute, Alfred Hospital, Melbourne."
"Cell Biological and Anatomical Laboratory, The Zoological Institute &amp
"Chemical Crystallography Laboratory, Imperial College, London."
r allgemeine und experimentelle Pathologie, Universit&auml
"Departments of Bacteriology and Pathology, University of Lund. July 9."
"Department of Geology, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
re Kernforschungsanlage J&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, near Didcot, Berks. Dec. 23."
gaciones Cient&
Seconded by the Royal Norwegian Council for Scientific and Industrial Research."
Radiobiology Laboratory&
"Central Laboratory T.N.O., Delft."
"Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution."
 Human Genetics, &
Present address : Istituto di Chimica Generale, Universit&
Molecular and Human Genetics, &
culaire, Institut de recherches cliniques de Montr&
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, and&
k"
k&
Supported by a Roche fellowship."
Institute of Petroleum and Organic Geochemistry (ICH-5), KFA-J&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley Lane, Leeds."
partement de Physiologie, Universit&
3051
"Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Whitehall Place, London, S.W.1."
r experimentelle Medizin, Abteilung Chemie, G&
Laboratoire de Chimie des M&
"Material Research Laboratory, Philips Electrical, Ltd., New Road, Mitcham Junction, Surrey. Oct. 4."
"Division of Hematology of the Department of Medicine, Children''s Hospital Medical Center, Department of Pediatrics, Harvard Medical School
"Physiological Department, Institute of Occupational Health, Helsinki. Jan. 26."
"Department of Geology, University College, Cardiff, Wales"
Department of Parasitology, Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, Liverpool L3 5QA.&
"Clinical Research Laboratory, Department of Obstetrics and Gyn&
rinaire, Universit&
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay 400 005&
Laboratoire de Chimie analytique, Institut de Pharmacie, F1, Universit&
sculo, Centro de Biof&
"Botany Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 19."
cologic et Obst&
r Chemie und Biologie, Technische Universit&auml
Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.&
"Medical Research Council Rheumatism Research Unit, Bath Area Central Laboratory, Manor Hospital, Bath."
"Institut de Morphologie V&
Permanent address: Institute of Neurobiology and Brain Research, Academy of Sciences GDR, Leipzigerstrasse 44, DDR-3090 Magdeburg, GDR."
Supported by a Graduate Training Grant from the U.S. Public Health Service.&
"Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux, Sussex."
To whom reprint request should be addressed."
 Immunod&
"Department of Physiopathology, Institute of Medicine, Bucharest."
Centre de Biochimie et de Biologie Mol&
Trainee, U.S. Public Health Service training grants 2A-5271 and T1 AM-5275."
r biophysikalische Chemie, D-34 G&
"Chemical Research Laboratories, Division of Chemical Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
trologie, URA 1278, Universit&
"Biological Department, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. April 27."
Area Investigaci&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Mylnefield, Invergowrie, by Dundee. Sept. 7."
"Division of Wildlife Research, CSIRO, PO Box 84, Lyneham, Canberra ACT 2602"
Medical Department VII, Ullev&
"Istituto di Chimica Applicata ed Industriale, Facolt&agrave
Present address: Department of Chemistry, University, Leeds."
"Institute for Theoretical and Physical Chemistry, University, Graz. May 12."
iques, Universit&
"Abt. Molekulare Entwiclungsbiologie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Botany, Balwant Rajput College, Agra. Oct. 30."
"Sanofi Elf Bio Recherches, 31676 Lab&
decine et de Chirurgie exp&
"National Chemical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Jan. 14."
 Division of Basic Immunology, Department of Medicine, and &
"Laboratoire de Cytologie Sanguine, Ecole pratique des Hautes Etudes, Minist&
"Bureau International des Poids et Mesures, F 92312 S&
"Laboratory of Biochemistry and Nutrition, Monsanto Chemical Co., St. Louis, Mo."
 To whomcorrespondence should be addressed&
Stoner Fellow of the Biophysical Research Laboratory, Eye and Ear Hospital, 1961&
"Institute of Obstetrics and Gyn&
Institut de Biologie animale, Universit&
 European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Central Research Laboratories, Bowaters Development and Research, Ltd., Northfleet, Kent. Feb. 15."
Department of Peptide Chemistry, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Mylnefield, Invergowrie, Dundee."
"Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford 5, Lancashire.&
partement de Pediatrie, Clinique des Maladies du Sang, H&
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.1"
Laboratoire de Biologic et d''lmmunologie Mol&
"St Mary''s Hospital, London W2Vickers Research Establishment, Sunninghill, Berkshire"
"Laboratoire de Chimie G&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. June 3."
"1Groupe de Recherche en Neuropsychologie Exp&
"Divisional Laboratory, National Coal Board, Glasgow Road, Edinburgh 12. Oct. 22."
Senior investigator, Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation."
Present address: Institute f&
"Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London, London, W.8."
Department of Biochemistry, Miyazaki Medical College, Kiyotake, Miyazaki 889&
"Bacteriology Department, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London W2"
"Chemisches Staatsinstitut, Abteilung Biochemie, 2 Hamburg 13."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. June 12."
"Department of Geography, The University, Exeter."
Present address: School of Pharmacy, University of London."
, Agaram Road, Tambaram, Madras."
"Wantage Research Laboratory, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Wantage, Berks."
"Department of Pharmacology, Karachi Laboratories, PCSIR, Off University Road, Karachi-39"
"Common Cold Research Unit, (National Institute for Medical Research), Harvard Hospital, Salisbury. Oct. 13."
"Medizinisch-chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Brown Trout Research Laboratory, Faskally House, Pitlochry. March 15."
"Department of Pathology, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Dec. 17."
"Chemical Engineering Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
I.C.I. Research Fellow."
"Institute of Medical Microbiology, D-65 Mainz, Hochhaus am Augustusplatz, FDR"
Fulbright Fellow 1953&
"Rolls-Royce Ltd., Aerophysics Laboratory, Littleover, Derby. Sept. 18."
Present address: Department of Physiology, University of G&
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Didcot."
Present address: Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
Bureau of Mineral Resources, Box 378, Canberra, ACT 2601"
"Department of Botany, University College, Leicester. Oct. 8."
Present address: Department of Biophysics, University College, London."
chov."
Department of Medicine, School of Medicine and Division of Human and Oral Genetics, School of Dentistry&
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. Feb. 27."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratory, University College, Gower St., London, W.C.1."
"Tokai Regional Fisheries Laboratory.Institute of Public Health, Tokyo."
sseldorf, Moorenstrasse 5, 4000 D&
"Institutes of &
"Vokes, Ltd., Guildford."
 Affiliated to the International Center for Relativistic Astrophysics"
r Biophysikalische Chemie, D-3400, G&
rieur d''Education physique, Universit&
"Physics Department, Radiotherapy Centre, General Infirmary, Leeds. Nov. 29."
"East Malling Research Station, Near Maidstone, Kent. April 16."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. Feb. 4."
"Max-Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, D-3400 G&
teborg, PO Box 33031, S-400 33 G&
"Medical Research Institute, P.O. Box 300, Accra, Gold Coast. June 20."
t, D&
, Roskilde."
Junta de Investiga&
"Virus Research Unit, Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex."
r experimentelle Medizin, Abteilung Chemie, 3400 G&
"Max-Planck-Institutf&
"Institut de Physiologie de la Facult&
"Departments of Physiology and Electrical Engineering, Centro de Investigaci&
 Centre d''Etudes des Environnements Terrestre et Planetaires, Universit&
Haber&
"Torry Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Aberdeen."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh. Jan. 23.&
"The Royal Marsden Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
Adolph Basser Research Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians.&
culaire, Institut Pasteur de Lille, 15 rue C. Gu&
"Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, National Building Research Institute, Scientia, Pretoria."
"Physiol.-chem. Institut der Universit&auml
"Biokemiska Institutionen, Uppsala. Sept. 3."
sica da Comiss&
nchen, Maria Ward-Strasse, 8000 M&
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12. June 12."
"Department of Technical Microbiology and Biochemistry, Slovak Polytechnical University, Bratislava."
"Metallurgy Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. May 18."
"Programmes Analysis Unit, Chilton, Didcot, Berkshire.AWRE, Aldermaston, Berkshire."
, Wolverhampton, Staffs."
Now at the Universit&auml
"Departments of Chemical &
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Oct. 15."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University of North Dakota, Grand Forks, North Dakota."
 Hospital de Crian&
Departments of Biochemistry, University of Ume&
"Elm Park Lodge, Selkirk."
"University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"Department of Poliomyelitis, Dr. I. Cantacuzino Institute, Bucarest."
Now at British Dielectric Research, London, W.12.&
 Institute of Oc&
partement de Pathologie g&
"Institute for Thrombosis Research, Rikshospitalet, Oslo."
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Aug. 5."
"Department of Physics, University of Calgary."
"Nelson Research Laboratories, English Electric Co., Ltd., Blackheath Lane, Stafford."
 Divisions of Oncology and Neuropathology, Department of Pathology, and &
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. March 3."
"Institute of Radiobiology, Royal University of Stockholm."
"Chemistry Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. June 15."
Department of Surgical Sciences, Royal College of Surgeons, London&
 de Belgrade."
To Whom correspondence should be addressed"
"Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
Department of Chemistry, Teesside Polytechnic, Middlesbrough, Teesside TS1 3BA&
"Research Institute for Pharmacy and Biochemistry, Kouimsk&
"Department of Psychology, Birkbeck College, University of London."
"Ayerst Research Laboratories, Montreal."
"Department of Psychology, Birkbeck College, University of London.&
Present address: U.S. Army Quartermaster, Natick, Mass."
"Department of Clinical Therapeutics, University of Athens, and Radioisotope Laboratory, Alexandra Hospital, Athens."
"Chemistry Department, Rhodes University, Grahamstown. June 29."
Biochemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Deutche Akademie der Wissenschafter zu Berlin, Institut f&
"St. Vincent''s School of Medical Research, Melbourne. Clinical Biochemical Laboratories, St. Vincent''s Hospital, Melbourne."
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Homi Bhabha Road, Coleba, Bombay 5"
sy Laboratory, Budapest. Oct. 14."
"Technical College, Bradford. July 3."
TO whom correspondence should be addressed."
Zoology and &
r Neuropathologie, &
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Department of Human Genetics, and &
"Institut oc&
Osservatorio Astrofisico, Citt&agrave
 T
 "
C.H. and M.G.S. made equal contributions to this work.&
 &
"Department of Mechanical &amp
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Dec. 19."
Present address: Department of Pathology, College of Physicians &amp
Permanent address: Department of Botany, University of Cairo."
"Institute of Public Health, Tokyo."
Marine Ecology Laboratory, and &
rale et appliqu&
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, London.&
"Department of Molecular Biology, The Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Medical Science, 3&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Aug. 13."
"Research Laboratory for Chemical Structures, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest"
Department of Chemistry and Department of Earth and Space Sciences&
"Department of Physiology, Topiwala National Medical College, Dr. A. L. Nair Road, Bombay 8. Sept 1."
Chemistry Division&
"Laboratoire de Biophysique, Universit&
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2, and Department of Cell Biology, John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Herts."
ttingen. April 30."
"Department of Medicine, Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College, University of London, London, E1."
Tissue Typing Laboratory, John Bonnett Clinical Laboratory&
es, Ecole Normale Sup&
"Chemistry Division,Agriculture and Horticulture Division, Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham."
 The Clayton Foundation Laboratories for Peptide Biology, &
Department of Clinical Physics and Bioengineering and &
Laboratoire d''lmmunog&
"Pharmacological Institute, Budapest Medical University, Ull&
"Biology Department, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 6."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5.&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5."
Institut National de Recherches Biom&
"Abteilung Chemie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"East Malling Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent. Oct. 23.&
"Geological Survey and Museum, Exhibition Road, London, S.W.7."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Fulham Road, London SW3."
"Bilharzia Research Unit, Medical Research Council, Winches Farm, St. Albans, Herts."
"Division of Animal Health.Division of Organic Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
MRC Pneumoconiosis Unit, Llandough Hospital, Penarth, Glamorgan&
Medicine and&
MRC Pneumoconiosis Unit, Llandough Hospital, Penarth, Glamorgan"
"Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. June 25."
"Agricultural Research Council, Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent"
"Clinical Research Centre, Watford Road, Harrow, Middlesex HA1 3UJ"
"Chemical Crystallography and Inorganic Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College, London SW7 2AY"
"Department of Pathology and Cardeza Foundation, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia, 7."
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Feb. 20."
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.1. Feb. 14."
"Department of Anaesthetics, Royal Infirmary, Aberdeen."
"Experimental and Research Station, Cheshunt, Herts. Nov. 23."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, The National Hospital, London, W.C.1.&
"Department of Pharmacology and &
"Department of Soil Science, Levington Research Station, Levington, Ipswich."
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds. Oct. 26."
Laboratoryfor Atmospheric Physics, ETH-H&
"Agricultural Research Council Poultry Research Centre, Edinburgh, 9."
gicas, Madrid, 6."
af&
a, Universitat de Val&
"Medical Research Council, Serological Population Genetics Laboratory, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
"Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent."
a. S.R.L., Humahuaca 4065, Buenos Aires."
"Department of Anatomy, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario"
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
"Universit&
Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, 8 Hunter Street, London WC1&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Salford."
"National Institute for Agricultural Quality Testing and Research Institute for Soil Science and Agricultural Chemistry, Budapest."
 General Hospital, University of Lund, Malm&
Graduate Aeronautical Laboratories&
"Department of Organic Chemistry, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
"Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
Department of Biochemistry, Miyazaki Medical College, Miyazaki 889&
Mullard Space Science Laboratory, University College, London"
sica, Pontificia Universidade Cat&
"Departments of Biochemistry and Medicine, Surgical&
"Department of Pathology, Institute for Cancer Research, Fox Chase, Philadelphia.&
l&
"Biochemisches Institut an der Medizinischen Fakult&auml
"Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen."
 Anadolu Medenyetleri M&
"Foods Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Dec. 1."
culaire, Institut des Cordeliers, 15, rue de 1''Ecole de M&
Formerly, senior medical officer, King''s College Hospital, London."
"Bacteriology Department, Torry Research Station, Aberdeen. Jan. 23.&
tique Evolutive et de Biom&
"Department of Epidemiology, Institute of Hygiene, Timisoara, Roumania."
Division of Physics, Mathematics and Astronomy 105&
Centre d''Etudes de Chimie M&
"Department of Chemistry, University, Sheffield. May 22."
"Department of Geology, Banaras Hindu University. Dec. 18."
 Division of Medical and Molecular Genetics, UMDS Guy''s &amp
"Memorial University, Faculty of Medicine, St. Johns, Newfoundland, and Westminster Medical School and Westminster Hospital, London SW1"
a, IBME, Obligado 2490, Buenos Aires."
"Institute of Immunology and Experimental Therapy, Polish Academy of Sciences, ul.Czerska 12, 53&
"Metallurgy Division,National Physical Laboratory, Teddington."
"Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2.Medical Research Council Cyclotron Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Oct. 12."
, S-90187 Ume&
Research School of Earth Sciences, &
 Service de Gastro-Ent&
"Ministry of Food, Research Establishment, Experimental Factory, Greyhope Road, Aberdeen. Oct. 26."
Present address: Department of Biology, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow."
"Labofina S.A., 100 Chauss&
"Department of Chemical Technology, University, Bombay. Sept. 20."
Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientfficas y T&
"Laboratory of Medical Biology, Centre Hospitalier and Universitaire, Tours."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell.&
Present address: Bayerisches Geoinstitut, Universit&
Deceased 30 March 1990"
"Centro de F&
Wadsworth Hospital, Los Angeles&
"University College, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
r Humangenetik, Philips-Universit&auml
"Laboratoire de chimie bact&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Boad, London, W.12. Nov. 26."
"Physical Chemistry Laboratory, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Jan. 8."
"Materials Laboratory, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
"Institute of Endocrinology, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. April 19."
bingen, T&
"Department of Physics, University of Lund. July 3."
Departement des Sciences de la Terre, Universit&
decine, CP 6128, Montr&
r Humangenetik, der Philipps-Universit&auml
"Department of Applied Chemistry, Loughborough College of Technology, Leicestershire."
"Department of Human Anatomy, University of Ghent. March 27."
Departments of Medicinal Chemistry and&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, by Dundee. Feb. 23."
"Physics Department, Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern."
 7. Dec. 22."
Department of Biochemistry and Pharmacology and &
tique et Environnement, Institut des Sciences de I''Evolution, URA 327. Case Courrier 64
dicale Reine Elisabeth, Bruxelles."
"Bedford College, London, N.W.1."
Institute of Genetics, University of Lund, S&
rolyi, Budapest.Research Institute for Plant Protection, Budapest."
"Electrical Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Middlesex. Nov. 29."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berkshire. Sept. 21."
Present address: MRC Unit of Reproductive Biology, University of Edinburgh, 39 Chalmers Street, Edinburgh EH3 9ER."
"National Gallery
"Chemistry Department University of Edindurgh.Research Department, Scottish Agricultural Industries, Ltd., Edinburgh. Dec. 14."
"Laboratory for Microbiology, Technological University, Delft. July 14."
 Libre de Bruxelles, 1640 Rhode-Saint-Gen&
"Building Research Station, Garston, Watford, Herts. Aug. 13."
 Department of Biochemistry, Box 357350, and&
"Sterrewacht, Leiden"
U.S. Public Health postdoctoral research fellow, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases CF 10,880."
"Botany Department, Bedford College, (University of London), Sussex Lodge, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. June 13."
Division of Human Physiology, National Institute for Medical Research, London&
"National Institute for Telecommunications Research, Johannesburg."
partement de Sismologie associ&
"Falcultad de Qu&
beck 1, Ratzeburger Allee 160"
"Departamento Farmacolog&
"Department of Geology, Memorial University of Newfoundland, St. John''s, Newfoundland."
lectronique m&
"Department of Physiology, University College, London.&
"Department of Physiology, University College, London."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jeallott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks. Aug. 21."
"Earth System Science Center &amp
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Ministry of Power, Buxton."
Research Fellow of the Josiah Macy, Jr. Foundation.&
"Department of Experimental Medicine, University of the Saar, Hamburg. July 11."
Department of Public Health, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo 113&
xico 7, DF and Departamento de Fisiolog&
"Department of Clinical Pharmacology, St Vincent''s Hospital, Sydney"
t, 8 M&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College London, Strand, London WC2R 2LS."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. Aug. 7."
"Department of Anatomy, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, 62 Chandos Place, London, W.C.2. Jan. 28."
"Department of Physiology, University of G&
"Department of Zoology, University of Z&
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. Nov. 10."
"Histological Laboratory, Free University, Amsterdam. March 28."
"Laboratory of Physiological Chemistry, Universitaires Facult&
 Centre d''Oc&
pital Antoine B&
"II. Physiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Karolinska Sjukhuset, Radiumhemmet, Stockholm 60."
 Department of Pediatrics and &
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, and Medical Department A, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen."
Parasitology Division, Department of Microbiology&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Fisheries and Oceanography, Cronulla, New South Wales."
bo, &
r Hygiene und Humangenetik, Abteilung Immungenetik, Goslar Str. 12d, D-3400 G&
Control of Neoplastic Growth&
To whom correspondence should be addessed"
Laboratoire de Neurobiologie et Physiologie Compar&
"Secretariat, International Years of the Quiet Sun, 6 Cornwall Terrace, London, N.W.1."
Laboratoire de Physique des solides Bat. 510 Universit&
"Pathology Department, St. Finbarr''s Hospital, Cork."
"St. Stephen''s Road Nurseries, Ealing, London, W.13. March 31."
dicale, Centre M&
Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, WC1&
"Seagrove Radio Research Station, Auckland, N.Z. Aug. 19."
Present address: Central Laboratories, Ministry of Health, Joha, Jerusalem."
 Department of Marine Geosciences, IFREMER, Centre de Brest, BP37, 29287 Plouzan&
"Department of Biology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario"
"Department of Biology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario&
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala. July 12."
"Laboratorio do Fisiologia Comparada, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Bil&
rich, Universit&auml
Laboratoirede G&
ologie du Quaternaire), Universit&
bingen, Auf der Morgenstelle 15, 72076 T&
G. Mara&
Pal&auml
"Cosmic Ray Group, Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7."
Medical Biophysics, &
 d''Immunophysiologie Mol&
"Istitutodi Genetica Medica, Universit&agrave
Institut Le Bel, Universit&
"Departments of Anthropology&
"Tokyo Biochemical Research Institute, Toshima-ku, Tokyo 171"
"Research Department, Biochemistry Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. Feb. 27."
 Present addresses: Centre des Faibles Radioactivit&
77 Yarra Bank Road, South Melbourne, Victoria.C.S.I.R.O., Division of Coal Research, P.O. Box 175, Chatswood, New South Wales"
"Histological Laboratory, Free University, Amsterdam. March 26."
  and Unite de Biologic des membranes&
General Motors Holden Research Student."
"Marine Station, Millport. May 5."
Laboratory of Molecular Biology, DCBD&
Institut for Petrologi, &
a Comparada, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biol&
INSERM U 114, Coll&
kovi Institute, 54 Bijeni&
"Basic Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teadington, Middlesex."
 and Davis&
"Laboratoire de Psychologie Exp&
ologique et G&
r Psychiatrie, 8 M&
Visiting Fellow from the Pharmakologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Medicine, Postgraduate Medical School and the Medical Research Council Cyclotron Unit, London.&
"Anatomy Department, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, W.2."
"Surgical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"East Malling Research Station, Kent. May 22."
"CSIRO Division of Animal Physiology, Ian Clunies Ross Animal Research Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales."
Present address : Medical Research Council Experimental Radio-pathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
Division of Experimental Microbiology, Institute for Medical Microbiology of the University of Z&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow.Pioneering Research Division, U.S. Army Natick Laboratories, Natick, Mass."
 de Recherches du Fonds national belge de la Recherche scientifique."
"Research Laboratories, Ayerst, McKenna and Harrison, Ltd., Montreal. Sept. 5."
 des Venins, Unit&
RocheInstitute of Molecular Biology and &
"134 Bispham Road, Bispham, Lancs. April 15."
"Pathological Laboratories, St. Xavier''s College, Bombay. May 4."
"Str&
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm."
Formerly University of Wales."
Nuclear Research Center"
al, D&
"Chemical Laboratories, University of Kent at Canterbury.ICI Mond Division, Runcorn."
dics (University of London), Royal National Orthop&
n, Museo ''Carmen Furies'', 8318 Plaza Huincul, Neuqu&
decine, Institut de Botanique, Universit&
miologie, Bruxelles"
r Pathologie, Medizinische Hochschule L&
Hormone Research Institute and Department of Biochemistry &amp
"Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, 36th Street at Spruce, Philadelphia, 4."
"Research Laboratories, Ferrosan, Ltd., Malm&
ral&
Shell Research Limited, Sittingbourne, Kent"
"Jodrell Bank Experimental Station, Holmes Chapel, Cheshire. July 14."
 Cardiovascular Research Institute&
nie Microbienne Mol&
 The Center for Blood Research and the Departments of &
jovick&
"Medical Research Council Ophthalmological Research Unit, Institute of Ophthalmology, London, W.C.1. July 30."
1998,USA"
Present address: Department of Bacteriology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, Hyde Park Corner, London, S.W.1."
ochime et Cosmochimie, Institut de Physique du Globe, D&
"INSERM U 25, H&
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. May 5."
MRC NationalInstitute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA,UK&
"Ministry of Aviation, Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcs."
"Department of Biological Chemistry, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
Kiruna Geophysical Institute, University of Ume&
"Biochemical Division, Medical Nobel Institute, Stockholm. Feb. 9."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. March 16."
Present address: Wellcome Laboratories of Pharmacology, Gatty Marine Laboratory, University of St. Andrews, Fife."
Present address: Man Vehicle Laboratory, Building 37&
 Department of Physiology and Biophysics and &
"Institute of Medical Research, Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney. Feb. 11."
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucester.Department of Metallurgy, University of Sheffield."
Institute for Advanced Studies, Princeton, New Jersey 08540"
Cell Biology and Anatomy, &
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Akers Research Laboratories, Welwyn, Herts. Aug. 13."
trovirus et Transfert G&
"Department of Pharmacology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, University of London, London, W.2.&
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala."
"Institute of Geological Sciences, 19 Grange Terrace, Edinburgh.Department of Geology, Sunderland Technical College."
"Division of Immunological Products Control, M.R.C. Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, N.W.3."
 de Clermont, 12 Avenue des Landais, Clermont-Ferrand.Observatoire de Tananarive. Feb. 10."
Institut des Sciences de la Terre,Universit&
"Department of Histology, Free University, Amsterdam."
"44 Abbey Road, London, N.W.8. July 2."
On leave of absence, Inst. f. Biophysik und Elektronenmikroskopie, Universit&auml
"Koninklijke Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam."
"Section of Bacteriology, Onderstepoort, Transvaal. Nov. 4."
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire. June 26."
Ing.-B&
Present address: Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
15 Gresse Street, London W1P 1PA&
micas &
 dagger
"Research and Development Department, Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Gloucestershire."
"Physiological Flow Studies Unit, Imperial College, London."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
Present address: Midland Centre for Neurosurgery, Holly Lane, Smethwick, Staffs."
r Atomsph&auml
e du Mus&
"Research Centre, Italfarmaco S.p.A., Piazza Coriolano 5, Milan. April 11."
"Department of Zoology, Liverpool University.Laboratoire de Physiologic de l''Institut Oc&
"The Institute of Physical and Chemical Research, Tokyo."
"C. Erba Institute for Therapeutic Research, Biological Laboratory, Milan."
Department of Psychiatry, and &
"Department of Immunology and Kidney Transplantation, Medicine and Pharmacy Institute, &
t, Marburg/Lahn.&
Established investigator of the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation."
British Postgraduate Medical Federation Travelling Fellow."
matology), Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12. June 20."
Present address: Department of Biology, University of Kanstanz, FGR.&
"Virus Research Unit, M.R.C. Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London WC1E 6JJ."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. July 19."
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Dec. 13."
Department of Marine Biology, Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. Feb. 12.&
"Department of Technical Microbiology, Biological Institute, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Boler&
To whom corressponcence should be addressed."
"Department of General Botany, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich. Jan. 7."
"Convent of Notre Dame, Dowanhill, Glasgow."
"Institute de Investigaciones Matem&
 Service de Biochimie et G&
r Meeresbiologie, Abt. H&auml
culaire des Eucaryotes du Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Unit&
Present address: Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Ottawa.&
"State Institute of Hygiene, Gy&
"Hawthorndale Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill, Bracknell, Berks. Jan. 4."
"Standards Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. July 28."
"State Veterinary Serum Laboratory, Copenhagen V.Department of Biophysics, Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen S."
"Department of Geology, Queen Mary College, University of London."
Max-Delbr&
The Center for Blood Research and &
"Departments of Human Biology and Anatomy, and Medical Microbiology, University of Sheffield."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London. Feb. 24."
Zoological Station, Naples (Ischia)&
, Box 977, N-9001 Troms&
r Meereskunde, D&
"The Distillers Company, Ltd., Research Department, Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey."
CNRS and Universit&
"Laboratorio del Transporte y Mec&
Service de Physique Th&
"Wellcome Research Laboratories (Biological Division), Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
"First Medical Clinic, Hospital das Clinicas, S&
"Laboratorul de Patologie Musculara, Vilcele, Rumania."
m&
Special Postdoctoral Research Fellow, National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases."
"Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, N.S.W. June 17."
r Radiumforschung der Akademie der Wissenschaften, Vienna. Sept. 14."
"Laboratoire de Zoologie, Facult&
"Institute of Animal Breeding, Royal Agricultural College, Uppsala."
Department of Microbiology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire."
"Regional Research Centre, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad. Jan. 3."
"Aluminium Laboratories, Ltd., Banbury, Oxon."
"Research and Development Dept., Distillers Company, Limited, Epsom. Aug. 25."
nchen, PO Box 202136, D-80021 M&
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi."
"Department of Textile Industries, Leeds University."
"Inorganic Chemistry Research Laboratories, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Feb. 20."
"Research Department, Recordati Laboratorio Farmacologico S.p.A., Milan. Jan. 7."
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. Nov. 14."
Director, Commonwealth Bureau of Meteorology.&
s Pr&
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. Sept. 26."
"Department of Geology, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Biochemical Laboratory, Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Ceylon. Jan. 8."
"Experimental Protozoology Unit, Department of Zoology, The University, Glasgow W2"
"Laboratoire de Chimie biologique, Facult&
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Port Sunlight, Cheshire."
"Laboratory of Geology Studies, &
tale Appliqu&
"Thornton Research Centre, Shell Petroleum Co., Ltd., P.O. Box 1, Chester. Sept. 29."
d, Geofysik&
Present address: Institute of Pharmacology, University of Lund.&
obotanik, Hindenburgplatz 57&
ologie, Universit&
"Department of Biochemistry, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia."
en&
rmedizin, Berlin-Dahlem.Universit&auml
"Chemical Central Research Institute of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, XIV, Hung&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, By Dundee. June 4."
"Department of Physiology, Charles University, Pilsen, Czechoslovakia. Feb. 28."
gicas, Hospital Nacional de Neuropsiquiatr&
"Astronomical Institute, Academy of Sciences, Bude&
e 23, 1 Berlin 33"
Mackenzie&
, and Hematology&
"Laboratoire de Pharmacodynamie G&
"The University, Nottingham."
"Hochalpine Forschungsstation Jungfraujoch. March 12."
r Virusforschung, Abteilung f&
Present address: Space Medicine Branch, Boeing Airplane Company, Seattle 24, Wash."
"Meteorological Office, Bracknell, Berkshire"
"Service de Chimie physique, Commissariat &
 de Qu&
Present addresses: Max-Planck-Institut f&
x00148
"Agricultural Research Council Unit of Plant Morphogenesis and Nutrition, Wye College, Nr. Ashford, Kent."
x00141
x00144
162 Beechwood Avenue, Willowdale 431, Ontario&
"Fisheries Division, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Cronulla, New South Wales. Sept. 30."
01S1) and U.S. Public Health Service training grant (9T1&
 H&
"Cancer Chemotherapy Unit, Imperial Cancer Research Fund, London."
"Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, Toho University, Ohmori, Tokyo. Nov. 19."
"Research Laboratory, Kodak, Limited, Wealdstone, Harrow."
"Institute of Orthop&
Department of Surgery, Division of Anatomy, &
"Department of Pharmacology, Nippon Medical School, 59 Sendagicho, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo.&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Aug. 20."
e des Ursulines, Rimouski, Qu&
 Veterinary and Animal Sciences and &
"Centro de Gen&
Rockefeller Foundation Fellow."
"Department of Animal Reproduction, College of Agriculture and Veterinary Medicine, Nihon University, Setagaya-ku, Shimouma, Tokyo"
Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle&
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, Field Station, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berkshire."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. July 7."
r Strahlenbiologie und Isotopenforschung, Marburg/Lahn."
r Forstgenetik und Forstpflanzenz&
Royal Observatory, Edinburgh.&
"Department of Pathology, Maida Vale Hospital, London, W.9."
o Paulo, Ribeir&
Present address: Max-Planck Institut f&
"Louis Jenner Laboratory, St. Thomas''s Hospital, London, S.E.I."
"Cancer Research Laboratory, University Field Laboratories, Lodge Moor, Sheffield 10.Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. July 24."
"Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, University of London.&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Butterwick Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Jan. 17."
"Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, University of London."
Chemistry, &
"Mathematics Department, Queen Mary College, London E1"
"Swedish Geological Survey, Stockholm 50."
Present address: Experimental Haematology Research Unit, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
"E. R. Squibb and Sons, Speke, Liverpool."
 et Laboratoire de Biom&
 European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzchild Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
Address for reprints."
Centre de Physique Mol&
"Istituto di Ricerche A. Fleming, SPA, Milano."
 Claude Bernard Lyon-1/CNRS UMR30, Facult&
"Department of Biochemistry.Department of Anatomy, School of Medicine, University of Nagoya, Sept. 9."
"Department of Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1.Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berks."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7&
"Department of Pharmacology, Sandoz, Ltd., Basle."
Unit 95 of the Institut National de la Sant&
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London.Medical Research Council Radiobiological Unit, Harwell."
Blood Bank and Blood Grouping Laboratory, University Hospital of Copenhagen.&
"Department of Agriculture, Kuching, Sarawak."
"Department of Chemistry, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, Chelsea, London, S.W.3."
, ul. Gr&
"Central Research Department, Chemical Research and Development Center, FMC Corporation, Princeton, New Jersey 08540"
"Department of Chemistry, University College, London."
"Department of Chemistry, University College, London.&
dicale Reine Elisabeth, Brussels.Institut Pasteur du Brabant."
"Centre de Recherches de l''Association Claude Bernard et Service Jean Bernard, H&
dicas, Buenos Aires.&
dicas, Buenos Aires."
ral,Ecole Poelytechnique, CP 6079, succ. centre-ville, Montr&
"Ultrasonic Laboratories, Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair."
"Research Laboratories, Reed and Carnrick, Jersey City 6, New Jersey."
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Veterinary Parasitology Laboratory, Fairfield Road, Yeerongpilly, S.4, Queensland. April 24."
"Blood Products Unit, Serum and Vaccine Institute, Agouza, Cairo. Jan. 14."
 Laval, Qu&
"Hebrew Unversity, Jerusalem."
Laboratory for Molecular Genetics, Leiden State University, 64 Wassenaarseweg, Leiden&
"University Department of Clinical Neurology, National Hospital for Nervous Diseases, London."
gion Poitou-Charentes, H&
rich, K&
"National Chemical and National Physical Laboratories, Teddington, Middlesex."
Present address: National Hospital, Queen Square, London WC1.&
Present address: Houghton Poultry Research Station, Houghton, Huntingdon."
"Department of Biological Sciences, University of Lancaster"
"Physics Division, &
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks. July 28."
cole Nationale Sup&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. July 25."
"Division of Plant Pathology and Mycology, Bihar Agricultural Research Institute, Sabour, Bhagalpur."
 Co. Ltd, Basle."
"School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1."
"Department of General Pathology, University of Li&
Research School of Earth Sciences, and &
"Department of Physics, University of Madras, Guindy, Madras 25. March 1."
"Department of Epidemiology, Medical School, Charles University,Institute of H&
partement d''Ethnologie/Pr&
r Theoretische Physik, Ruhr-Universit&auml
rimentales, Universit&
Research Career Development Award, U.S. National Institutes of Health.&
NZ Geological Survey, PO Box 30368, Lower Hutt.&
culaire&
Research Career Development Award, U.S. National Institutes of Health."
Present address: Laboratoire de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
r Pathologische Physiologie, Friedrich-Schiller-Universit&auml
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2. Sept. 23."
"Geological Survey, Lobatsi, Bechuanaland Protectorate. July 19."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Departments of Biochemistry&
"National Chemical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Feb. 8."
"The Nature Conservancy, Speyside Research Station, Aviemore.Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen."
"Department of Chemistry, University, Sydney. Jan. 25."
"Department of Pharmacology, Lepetit S.p.A. Research Laboratories, Milan.&
"Third Medical Clinic, University of Budapest."
"Institute for Nuclear Studies, University of Tokyo."
 per Ricerche Terapeutiche, Laboratorio di Biologia, Milano. Oct. 16."
"Chemistry Department, University of Timisoara, Rom&
"Institut de Biologi&
rimentale, associ&
"Institute of Industrial Hygiene and Occupational Diseases, Karlovo n&
"Istituto di Chimica Organica, Universit&agrave
"Chemical Engineering Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
"Laboratory of Physiology, University of Athens. Aug. 5."
"Faculty of Science, A''in Shams University, Abbassia, Cairo.&
, and &
"Laboratorio de Investigaciones Pedi&
"Fisheries Laboratory, Department of Primary Industries, M/S 1800, Mourilyan Harbour, Queensland 4858"
 T Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974,USA"
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, (University of London), 8 Hunter Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 9."
"Institute of Physiology, Charles University, Pilsen, Czechoslovakia. Feb. 28."
"Solar Atmosphere Branch, NASA&
tsklinik and &
Department of Medical Oncology and &
"Mobil Research and Development Corporation, &
  To whom correspondence should beaddressed."
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Berks. Dec. 14."
sk. Sept. 24."
"Institute for Marine Research, Kiel"
"Department of Animal Physiology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Cairo and the Atomic Energy Commission, Cairo."
"Technical Development Establishment Laboratories, Kanpur."
 m&
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire"
"Laboratoire de Tectonique, G&
"Department of Bacteriology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London EC1."
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey."
Instituto de Investigaciones Fisicoquimicas Te&
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey.&
n Research Center, 650 Harry Road, San Jos&
03."
mostase, Institut de Recherche sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, Pretoria. Aug. 25."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London S.W.3."
"Vacuum Deposition Research Division, Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Manor Royal, Crawley, Sussex."
"Department of Bacteriology, Department of Pathology, The University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow. Aug. 3."
"University, Nottingham. Aug. 11."
"Genzyme Corporation and &
"Research Department, H. W. Carter and Co., Ltd., Royal Forest Factory, Coleford, Glos. June 19."
"Central Livestock Research-cum-Breeding Station, Haringhata, P.O. Mohanpur, District Madia, West Bengal."
"Facultad de Ciencias M&
Departement des Geomat&
Program in Human Molecular Biology and Genetics, Eccles Institute of Human Genetics, &
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Sept. 14."
t, Heidelberg."
"Department of Philosophy, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1."
"&
Department of Psychology, University of Sheffield&
ric Joliot-Curie National Research Institute for Radiobiology and Radiohygiene, Budapest."
a Molecular, Universidad Aut&
Department of Entomology&
ochimie et Cosmochimie et D&
"Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Medical School, Mowbray, Cape Town. Feb. 21."
Present address: Cabinet Office, Whitehall, London, S.W.1."
 and Biochemistry&
Present address: Worcester Foundation, Shrewsbury, Mass."
"Department of Mathematics, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
Now at the Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Sheffield 1.Department of Mathematics and Physics, Portsmouth College of Technology."
 Alfred-Wegener-lnstitut f&
"Department of Dermatology, Kantonsspital, Zurich."
"The Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Nov. 17."
"Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. July 19."
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College, London SW7"
"Laboratoire de Micropaleontologie, Universit&
 Immunology,      &
INSERM U.178, H&
"Royal Naval Physiological Laboratory, Alverstoke, Hampshire."
"Royal Observatory, Cape of Good Hope. Radcliffe Observatory, Pretoria."
Present address: Laboratoire des Neurosciences de la Vision, Universit&
 Research, Ltd., Thornton Research Centre.Research Department of An&
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne, N.2. July 15."
"Laboratoire de Physique, Universit&
"Department of Zoology. University, Sheffield 10. June 6."
"Laboratoire de M&
 de Bruxelles. May 31."
"Edward Davies Chemical Laboratories, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Advanced Development Laboratory, Raytheon Co., Missile and Space Division, Bedford, Mass."
"Institute of Medical Research, Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney. Jan. 23."
"Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&auml
"Plant Cancer Research Center, Institute Biol&
"High Barn, Stocksfield-on-Tyne. Jan. 8."
 Libre de Bruxelles, 67 rue des Chevaux, 1640 Rhode-St-Gen&
Leverhulme/Mental Health Research Fund Fellow."
"Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Department of Pharmacology,&
Boursier de l''I.R.S.I.A."
 de Recherches sur les HandicapsG&
pital Saint-Luc, 1200 Bruxelles, Belgique&
"Laboratoire de Biom&
Present address: Insitut du Physique de Globe, Observatoire G&
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo."
 1, Pilsen, Czechoslovakia."
"Chemistry Department, University of Allahabad. Jan. 17."
"Department of Physics, Derby and District College of Technology."
"Medizinische Universit&auml
"Agriculture Department, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Aug. 28."
"Department of Microbiology, School of Medicine, Wroclaw."
 University, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
t Berlin-Dahlem"
partement de Stomatologie, Facult&
"Department of Molecular Oncology &amp
 la Clinique Gyn&
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute Laboratory, Department of Medicine, Biochemistry and Biophysics
On leave from the Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, University of Osaka."
"Laboratory of Physiological Chemistry, Facult&
Supported by U.S. National Science Foundation grant G 22787."
"Applied Geochemistry Research Group, Imperial College, London."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
"Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, Edinburgh, 9."
"Solar System Exploration Branch, Mail Stop 239&
"Department of Biochemistry, University, 9 Hyde Terrace, Leeds 2."
"Research Laboratories, Ayerst, McKenna and Harrison, Ltd., Montreal. Dec. 8."
r Pharmazeutische Biologie, Universit&auml
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. May 17."
gico, S&
"Department of Paediatrics, State University, Groningen. March 26."
"Abteilung Neurobiologie, Max-Planck-Institut fur biophysikalische Chemie, 3400 G&
. Oct. 14."
"King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. August 29."
, S. Piacentini&
Department of Biochemistry, University of Dakar, S&
Fellow of the James Hudson Brown Fund."
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire.&
School of Applied Physics, Bradford University&
Laboratory of Cellular Metabolism, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute and &
r Biologie, Abteilung Immungenetik, D-7400 T&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. Jan. 25."
 deG&
ssle-Clinic of the Institute for Medicine and Biology, German Academy of Sciences, Berlin-Buch."
 des Sciences, Institut Scientifique Ch&
Department of Veterinary Pathobiology, &
Postdoctoral U.S. Public Health Research Fellow, 1956&
"National Laboratory of Veterinary Research, Lisbon."
r Normale und Pathologische Physiologic, Universit&auml
Istituto di Fisiologia Umana, Universit&agrave
 and Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Feb. 27."
CNRS (Laboratoire de G&
"The Wallenberg Laboratory, University of Uppsala, Dag Hammarskj&
"Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham, Swindon."
"Istituto di Zoologia e Anatomia comparata, Universit&agrave
"Sarawak Museum, Kuching, Sarawak. Jan. 1."
Department of Radiation Therapy, Turku University Central Hospital, SF-20520 Turku&
"Department of Psychology, University College, London."
"Research Department, African Explosives and Chemical Industries Ltd., P.O. Northrand, Transvaal.&
"Department of Zoology, The University, Southampton."
3785
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford. Aug. 13."
"Department of Pathology, Rothschild&
n&
"Department of Physics, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"North Dakota State University, Fargo, North Dakota.&
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7."
Dipartimento di Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Department of Entomology, Medical Research Institute,Colombo 8, Ceylon.Department of Parasitology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Ceylon, Colombo 8, Ceylon."
Department of Experimental Medicine of F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
"Physics Department, Bedford College for Women, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. April 26."
Aspirant du Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique."
"Department of Botany, Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology, Bhubaneswar&
"Chemical Institute, Roumanian Academy of Sciences, Jasey, Roumanian."
nyi S. u. 2/a, Budapest, VIII."
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Fellow."
Postdoctoral Fellow of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche. Permanent address: Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
t Osnabr&
Firth Research Laboratories, Princess Street, Sheffield 4. Feb. 11."
"Biochemical Mechanisms Section, MRC Toxicology Research Unit, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey.&
8&
"Regional Meteorological Centre, Colaba, Bombay&
"Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie, Leiden"
 Libre de Bruxelles, B-1640 Rhode St Gen&
UER Biom&
Departments of Medicine and Bacteriology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"National Chemical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Dec. 12."
"Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. Dec. 22."
"Department of Medicine, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
 Research Ltd., Thornton Research Centre, Chester."
Departmentof Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, and&
 Section on Neuroanatomy, Laboratory of Neurophysiology, and &
"Department of Zoology, University of Parma."
"Departments of Physiology and Biochemistry, Madras Medical College, Madras, and Laboratoire de Pathologie et Th&
"Department of Chemistry, Banaras Hindu University. Feb. 1."
"Research Institute of Experimental Medical Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Debrecen, 12."
"Stoner Hill, Petersfield, Hants. Dec. 1"
"University College, Dundee. March 21."
 Institute for Molecular Genetics and&
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London, London, W8."
Present address: Laboratoires Associ&
55."
bingen. Dec. 22."
526
ge. June."
"National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi. Aug. 23."
Kapteyn Laboratory, Groningen&
"Mullard Radio Valve Co., New Road, Mitcham Junction, Surrey."
U.S. Public Health Service Research Fellow."
Present address: Biogen Research Corporation."
Jose-Joaquin Aguirre&
"Glaxo Research, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex."
"Central Institute for Solar and Terrestrial Physics (Heinrich-Hertz-Institut), Berlin-Adlershof, German Democratic Republic."
"NASA&
ejov, Czechoslovakia"
rimentale, Facult&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, New South Wales. Jan. 14."
F10&
"Department of Physics, Edsel B. Ford Institute for Medical Research, Detroit."
"MRC Metabolic Reactions Research Unit, and Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College, London SW7."
 des Sciences, Esplanade, 67&
A. H. Roffo&
r Geophysik und Meteorologie, Technische Universit&auml
tel, 2000 Neuch&
"Institute of Physical Chemistry, University of Uppsala."
"Ross Institute of Tropical Hygiene, Keppel Street, London, W.C.1.Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Central Agricultural Control, Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berkshire. July 9."
toses, Prince Leopold Institute of Tropical Medicine, Antwerp."
Laboratoire d''&
"Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences E34&
Departement de Biologie, Service de Biochimie, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
 Laboratoire de Glaciologie et G&
xico 20 DF, M&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Nov. 13."
"Metallographic Laboratory, University of Madrid. March 20."
Departments of Neurosurgery and &
partement de Gyn&
Laboratory of Veterinary Oncology and &
"Anorganisch-chemisch Laboratorium, Rijksuniversiteit, Groningen. July 15."
Present address: Holderbank Management &amp
Present address: Celltech, 244&
"Department of Immunohaematology, Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
 Laboratoire de Physique des Solides, B&
"Departments of Pathology and Psychiatry, University of North Carolina.&
"Postgraduate Medical School, University of London."
Hormones et Reproduction (INSERM U135), Facult&
r Meteorologie und Geophysik, University, Graz."
Fulbright Scholar."
"Department of Botany and Plant Technology, Imperial College of Scienc and Technology, London, S.W.7. April 12."
"Thomas Kerfoot and Co., Ltd., Vale of Bardsley, Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancs. Sept. 30."
"Laboratory of Radiation Biology, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo"
"Rothamsted Experimental Station. Nov. 30."
On leave, E.T.H., Zurich."
"Centro de Biolog&
"Department of Pathology,Institute of Biology, Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, Kawaramachi, Kyoto."
"Department of Botany, University of Ceylon, Colombo. Nov. 12."
"Institut und Museum f&
"Building Materials Section, Department of Materials Chemistry, Ontario Research Foundation, Toronto, Ontario."
"Notre Dame Convent, Dowanhill, Glasgow, W.2. July 31."
Departamento de Fisica Te&
tudes &agrave
"MRC Biophysics Research Unit, London."
Laboratoire d''Etude G&
t, Freiburg i. Br., Albertstr. 19."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 24."
"Jute Agricultural Research Institute, Barrackpore, West Bengal. May 2."
"University of Edinburgh Medical School, Edinburgh, 8."
"21 Kenway Avenue, Cimla, Neath, Glamorgan."
"Technical University, Delft. Oct. 13."
"Dept. of Bacteriology, School of Medicine, Leeds, 2.&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
t, Wien. Dec. 24."
"University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota. May 20.&
"Institute of Geological Sciences, London"
"Institute of Balneoclimatology, Pozna&
"Memorial Sloan&
"Government of Sarawak and World Health Organization Malaria Pilot Project, Medical Department, Kuching, Sarawak.Blood Group Reference Laboratory, Lister Institute, London, S.W.1.St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. Aug. 8."
Holder of a British Council Grant."
"Department of Food Hygiene, College of Veterinary Medicine, Helsinki"
veloppement, B&
"Institute of Diseases of the Chest, Brompton Hospital, London, and the Institute of Dermatology, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, London."
canique Ondulatoire, 155 Rue de S&
"Department of Geology, Birkbeck College, University of London, Malet Street, W.C.1. July 8."
"Pharmacological Research Department, Pfizer Limited, Sandwich, Kent."
Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics, and &
r Radioastronomie, 53 Bonn, Argelanderstr. 3&
Postdoctoral Research Fellow, National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, U.S. Public Health Service.&
r Physik und Astrophysik, Munich."
"Bland&
tisme, Universit&
"University Institute of Biochemistry and Radiological Department, Isotope Laboratory, University Clinic, Copenhagen."
Present address: Institut f&
ttskemiska Laboratorium, Stockholm.City of Stockholm Blood Transfusion Centre, Stockholm."
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics (University of St. Andrews), Queen''s College, Dundee."
ilment 504, Universit&
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, University of London, E.1"
obotany, Lucknow. July 20."
"44 Abbey Road, London, N.W.8."
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Tokyo. Oct. 24."
teborg
Present address: Clinical Research Centre, Northwick Park Harrow, Middlesex."
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston. June 12."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Berks."
"Laboratory of Organic and Inorganic Chemistry, University, Geneva. Aug. 16."
"Bureau of Commercial Fisheries, Radiobiological Laboratory, Beaufort, North Carolina."
"Glencathara, Worsted Lane, East Grinstead, Sussex."
Friedrich-Miescher-Laboratorium der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse 37-39, 72076 T&
"Department of Experimental Microbiology, Institute of Medical Microbiology, University of Z&
"Department of Immunology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, 40&
Present address: Department of Physics, Westfield College, London NWS 7ST."
"Agricultural Research Council, Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough, Bucks."
Laboratoire de Physico-Chimie de I''Atmosph&
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories and Department of Botany, University College, London. June 8."
Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London WC1.&
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Sept. 28."
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Institute of Science, Bombay 1. Oct. 20."
"Department of Morphology, Institute of Experimental Medical Research, Budapest, 9."
"Industrial Hygiene Research Laboratory, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. June 28."
tisme Louis N&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. July 10."
Institute of Child Health, University of London&
Departamento de F&
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks.&
Laboratory ofCellular and Molecular Pharmacology, National Institute of Environmental HealthSciences, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709,USA&
"International Laboratory of Genetics and Biophysics, Casella Postale 3061, Naples.&
"Primatologische Abteilung, Dr. Senckenbergisches Anatomisches Institut, Universit&auml
MRC Neuropsychiatry Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratory, Carshalton, Surrey&
Laboratory of Cell and Molecular Structure and &
"Department of Organic Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, London, S.W.7. June. 25."
hringerstrasse 10, Vienna, 9."
roly u.5, Budapest."
"Departmentsof Pediatrics&
"Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Research Laboratory, Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire."
Harvard College Observatory and Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory."
"Woolwich Polytechnic, London, S.E.18."
"Chemistry Department, Battersea Polytechnic, London, S.W.11. Aug. 3."
"Department of Nephrology, The Royal Free Hospital, Lawn Road, Hampstead, London NW3."
r Immunologie der Universit&auml
"Juan No&
t Munchen, Lehrstuhl f&
"Laboratory of Cardiac Physiology and &
"Institute of Technology, Bradford."
"Parks and Gardens Section, Department of the Interior, Canberra. Nov. 22."
omorphologie, Facult&
"Centre de Recherches Allergiques et Immunologiques de l''Institut National d''Hygi&
"The University, Southampton."
"Department of Pathophysiology, State Institute of Public Health, Budapest, 9."
Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern, Worcestershire&
"Department of PhysiologyIsotope LaboratoryDepartment of Pathological Physiology and Department of Histology EmbryologyCharles University, Faculty of Medicine, Hradec Kr&
"Department of Zoology, University of Khartoum."
"Dept. of Bacteriology, University of Sheffield.Veterinary Investigation Centre, Leeds. Sept. 7."
r experimentelle Medizin, Abteilung Molekulare Biologie, D 3400 G&
rich, Winterthurerstrasse 190, 8057 Z&
"BC Research, Vancouver"
Seminar f&
"Institute of Ophthalmology, London WC1."
"Physics Department, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3."
Permanent address: Inserm U256, H&
 de Rennes I, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes C&
Present address: Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
Present address: Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"Biophysics Department, University College, London, W.C.1. April 26.&
"St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2."
Max-Planck Institut f&
nchen, Maria-Ward-Str 1A, 8000 M&
"Departments of Cell Biology and &
"Psychological Laboratory, Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London, W.C.1.&
"Psychological Laboratory, Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
.2, Czechoslovakia. Aug. 6.&
user Strasse 74, GDR-50-Erfurt"
"Department of Physics, University of London, King''s College. May 23.&
Present address: Department of Clinical Endocrinology and Diseases of Metabolism, University Hospital, Leyden."
Entomology Division, DSIR, Nelson&
Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abteilung Molekulare Entwicklungsbiologie, Am Faberg, W-3400 G&
"Savannah River Ecology Laboratory, Aiken, South Carolina 29801&
nergie Atomique, Centre d''&
"Divisions of &
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Oct. 16."
"Department of Zoology, University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg. April 21.&
Scottish Universities Research &amp
"Fr&
Department of Organic Chemistry, Vrije Universiteit, Brussels"
"International Computers and Tabulators (Engineering), Ltd., Gunnels Wood Road, Stevenage, Herts."
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin, Isle of Man. Dec. 15."
"Licensed Seed Testing Station, Christopher Hill, Ltd., Poole, Dorset."
"INSERM U.176, Domaine de Carreire, Rue Camille Saint-Sa&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. May 12.&
Participants in the Undergraduate Research Participation Programme supported by a grant (G-12623) from the National Science Foundation."
"Northern General Hospital, Sheffield 5.Department of Probability and Statistics, University of Sheffield."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Slough. Sept. 26."
Present address: Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh."
ochimiques (CRPG/CNRS), BP 20, 54501Vandoeuvre-l&
"Departments of Haematology and Morbid Anatomy, Institute of Child Health, Guilford Street, London."
"Research Department, CIBA Pharmaceutical Products Inc., Summit, New Jersey. Oct. 10."
"Research Laboratories, Farmitalia S.p.A., Milan, and Institute of Pharmacology, University of Parma."
"Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Newbury, Berks.Isotope Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
n de Biopol&
Finnish Meteorological Institute, Ilmala,SF-99600 Sodankyl&auml
Institute of Histology,&
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey. June 20."
"Institute of Geological Sciences, London."
"West African Cacao Research Institute, Tafo, Gold Coast. March 15.&
Now at the Royal Agricultural College, Cirencester."
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire. Sept. 26."
r organische Chemie, Universit&auml
farmacolog&
"Hungarian National Museum, Budapest."
"Laboratoire Central du Minist&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1. April 30."
 National Academy of Sciences&
r Entwicklungsbiologie, D-7400 T&
"Northern Polytechnic, London, N.7. Nov. 10."
"Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Nov. 2."
"Department of Zoology, National Museum of Wales, Cardiff."
"Department of Histopathology, Faculty of Odontology, University of Lund, Malm&
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks."
"Biological Research Division, Schering Corporation, Bloomfield, New Jersey."
Gesu e Maria&
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. July 25."
ralogie-Cristallographie, Universit&
ts-Kinderklinik, Freiburg i.Br.Universit&auml
 Fondation pour Recherches M&
"Department of Physics, Bradford Institute of Technology, Bradford 7."
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, University of London."
"Laboratoire d''Anthropologie Physique, 1 rue Ren&
"Atmospheric Environment Service, Department of the Environment, Toronto"
"MRC Rheumatism Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire."
"Cancer Research Department, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.I. Aug. 10."
"MRC Rheumatism Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire.&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Entomology, Canberra."
r Pharmakologie und Biochemie, Veterin&auml
 Institut d''Astrophysique, Universit&
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Otley Road, Harrogate HG3 1PR"
"Research Laboratory, Nippon Electric Co., Ltd., Minato-ku, Tokyo. Oct. 31."
sseldorf, D-2000 D&
 Istituto di Mineralogia, Universit&agrave
"Central Research Establishment, National Coal Board, Stoke Orchard, Nr. Cheltenham, Glos. Aug. 13."
"Department of Medicine, The General Infirmary, Leeds 1."
"Research Department, CIBA Pharmaceutical Co., Summit, New Jersey."
"Department of Physiology and Biochemistry, University, Southampton."
a, Facultad de Filosof&
 Astronomy Department, Center for ParticleAstrophysics, and&
"Department of Microbiology, Research Laboratories, Albert Einstein Medical Center, Philadelphia."
Present address: Max-Planck-Institut f&
n Experimental del Zaid&
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. May 9."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Royal Melbourne Hospital Post Office, Melbourne. April 17."
partement de Biologie Mol&
Department of Biophysics and Biochemistry, and &
Present address: Department of Geography, University of Winnipeg, Winnipeg 2."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berkshire. March 21."
 Animal model for human disease, and &
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Nov. 9."
ttingen.&
phrologique et de Transplantation, UER Piti&
ttingen."
tique de l''INSERM, Facult&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Lanchester College of Technology, Coventry."
"Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut, Freie Universit&auml
Tate &amp
15, Universit&
Present address: Medical Research Council, Pneumoconiosis Research Unit, Llandough Hospital, Penarth, Glamorgan."
Institut f&auml
Now at the Wright-Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Department of Biomolecular Structure,Department of Textile Industries, The University, Leeds, 2. Oct. 6."
lsingborg."
r Geochemie der Isotope, G&
s University, H-1083, Kun Bela T&
)."
Atmospheric Physics and Chemistry Laboratory"
Carrera del Investigador Cientifico&
Environmental Toxicology Unit, Section of Organic Chemistry, Wallenberg Laboratory, University of Stockholm, S-104 05 Stockholm 50"
"The Harris College, Preston.Department of Chemistry, The University, Leicester."
"Botany Department, The University, Glasgow."
"Organic Chemical Laboratories, and Institute of Immunology and Experimental Therapy, Polish Academy of Sciences, Wroclaw."
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Aug. 31."
"Groupe de Neuroendocrinologie Cellulaire, Laboratoire de Physiologie Cellulaire, Coll&
"Laboratory of Insect Pathology, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. June 28."
"Research Institute for Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest."
r biophysikalische Chemie, Postfach 968, D-3400 G&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. May 5."
"Cooper Technical Bureau, Berkhamsted, Herts. March 4."
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn, Herts. Oct. 12."
Physics and Astronomy and &
"Instituto Biochimico Italiano, Via Brembo 65, Milano."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 16."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Nov. 2."
"Biochemical Laboratory, University of Madras, 25."
rich, 8006 Z&
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts. May 3."
"Central Research Laboratory, Permanent Magnet Association, 84 Brown Street, Sheffield, S1 1FA."
Laboratoire de Glaciologie, B.P. 96, 38402 St-Martin d''H&
partementdes Sciences Appliqu&
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku."
"Department of Biochemistry,Department of Biology and Clinic of Stomatology, Komensky University Medical School, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
Fellow of the Foundations'' Fund for Research in Psychiatry."
"Station de Zoologie Exp&
"Laboratoire de Zoologie, Collectif de Bio-&
"Royal Air Force Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hampshire"
tale, Associ&
Haffkine Institute, Parel, Bombay-12"
Sterrewacht, Leiden&
t Heidelberg&
"Proyecto FAO&
"Department of Zoology, University of Delhi, Delhi, 8. Dec. 10."
"Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff. April 2."
 Marine Biotechnology Center, &
U.S. Public Health Service Predoctoral Fellow (EF-11,372)."
"Research Laboratory, Tate and Lyle, Ltd., Ravensbourne, Westerham Road, Keston, Kent. March 21."
"Imperial College Field Station, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berks."
Department of Zoology, University College, Gower Street, London WC1.&
 Genetics Division, Children''s Hospital, &
"Institute for Serobacteriological Production and Research &
"Research Department of An&
"Medical Research Council, Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Technological Irradiation Group, Isotope Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Wantage Radiation Laboratory, Grove, Wantage, Berks. May 16."
"Institute of Histology, Laboratory of Electron Microscopy and Gyn&
r Biologic II, University of T&
ne M&
"Department of Zoology, University, Glasgow, W.2. June 21."
t, 75 Karlsruhe."
Present address: Glaxo Laboratories, Greenford, Middlesex."
Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire&
Present address: The Queen Victoria Hospital, East Grinstead, Sussex."
"Nuffield Department of Surgery and &
"Institute for Technical Physics of the Hungarian Academy,State Institute for Hygiene, Budapest."
Research Department of Anaesthetics, Royal College of Surgeons, London"
"Wright-Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2. April 18."
 de Recherches du Fonds National Belge de la Recherche Scientifique. Permanent address: Laboratoire du Morphologie Animale, Universit&
 National Research Institute for Radiobiology and Radiohygiene Budapest 22"
Bracken Hill&
"Institute of Plant Pathology and Entomology, Uppsala 7."
"37 Friern Court, Friern Barnet Lane, London, N.20."
l &
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra, A.C.T. May 19."
Department of Molecular Biology, Max-Planck-Institute f&
tique des Virus Oncog&
Centre des Faibles Radioactiviti&
"Department of Geography, London School of Economics, London WC2."
Present address: British Transport Commission, Room 679, 222 Marylebone Road, London, N.W.1."
on, Velazquez 138, Madrid 6."
Department of Scientific and Industrial Research Fellow."
"Electrical Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Greenford, Middlesex. June 26."
"Laboratory of the Government Chemist, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Clement''s Inn Passage, Strand, London, W.C.2."
"Research Department, Parke, Davis and Co., Hounslow, Middlesex."
rik University Ko&
"Anorganisch-chemisches Institut der Technischen Universit&auml
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay-5."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh. Oct. 29."
r Physiologische Chemie, Universit&auml
se et Chimie des Min&
"Atomic Energy Division, Geological Survey of Great Britain, Young Street, Kensington, London, W.8."
"Department of Geology, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. July 22."
Department of Psychology and, &
Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey"
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. May 12."
Department of Anatomy and Department of Physiological Optics, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London WC1H 9QS."
Department of Cardiovascular Pharmacology, AB H&auml
Department of Applied Chemistry, Kanagawa University, Yokohama&
"Gulf Research and Development Co., Harmarville, Pa."
matology (Pathology), Post Graduate Medical School of London, W.12. May 5."
"Division of Citriculture, National and University Institute of Agriculture, RehovotA&
Walter Dale fellow, 1967&
r Tierphysiologie und Angewandte Zoologie, Freie Universit&auml
National Academy of Sciences NASA postdoctoral resident research associate."
"Wheatstone Laboratory, King''s College, London. April 1."
 di Padova. Dec. 2."
"Department of Botany, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1. Nov. 30.&
"Department of Psychology, University College, London, W.C.1."
 associ&
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Applied Chemistry, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. June 30.&
"Scottish Woollen Technical College, Galashiels."
Present address: Department of Physics, Downs Branch, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Clifton Avenue, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
"Research Department, I.C.I. (Nobel Division), Stevenston, Ayrshire. July 20."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. June 6."
"The University Institute for Experimental Medical Research, Ullevaal Hospital, Oslo."
"Medical Research Council, Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London."
"Zoology Department, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Oct. 27"
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, College House, Wrights Lane, London W8."
Present address: Centre de Investigati&
"Biochemistry Division, Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedford."
PeptideChemistry, &
"Departamento de Micro, Imuno e Parasitologia, Escola Paulista de Medicina, Cx. Postal 20342, S&
"Wye College (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent. June 16."
 Akademie V&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London. Sept. 16.&
"Institute of Biochemistry, Hungarian Academy of Science, Budapest. March 3."
"The Nature Conservancy, 12 Hope Terrace, Edinburgh 9. Dec. 13."
"Department of Biochemistry, Physiology Institute, University of Wales, Newport Road, Cardiff. Nov. 4."
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley. Gloucestershire."
On leave from Bonn University."
Member of the Scientific Staff of the Medical Research Council. Present address: East African Institute for Medical Research, P.O. Box 162, Mwanza, Tanganyika."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Feb. 9."
Meteorologisches Institut der Universit&auml
decine, Laboratoire de Physique M&
FAO staff members.&
"Sir Howard Grubb, Parsons and Co., Ltd., Walkergate, Newcastle upon Tyne, 6."
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Queen Victoria Memorial Hospital, Melbourne."
Howard Hughes MedicalInstitute, &
rAngewandte Mineralogie und Geochemie &amp
"Catedra de Toxicologia, Facultad de Ciencias Medicas, Universidad de Buenos Aires."
r physikalische Biologie, Spemmstrasse 35/I, 74 T&
 Institut  f&
"MRC Toxicology Unit, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
Department of Zoology, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.&
"Department of Psychiatry, The University, Leeds.Department of Psychology, The University, Leeds."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen.&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen."
"Department of Experimental Medicine, F. Hoffmann&
Lister Research Unit, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1.&
r Molekulare Genetik, Ihnestrasse 63&
3 Chome, Yushima, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo."
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest. Nov. 25."
"Centre de Recherches Nucl&
Pesticide Residue Testing Laboratory, Ontario Department of Agriculture, Guelph, Ontario"
"Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 37077 G&
Present address: Dairy Department, Clemson College, Clemson, S.C."
Laboratoire de Physico-Chimie des Syst&
"Institute of Animal Physiology, University Babes-Bolyai, Cluj. Republica Populara Rom&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow."
"Mathematics Department, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11. June 30."
"Physics Department, Kungl. Tekniska H&
 Department of Cell   Biology and&
"Department of Biology, Haifa University, Haifa"
"Soci&
Research Career Development awardee, U.S. Public Health Service (AM-K3-14030)."
"Department of Physics and &
"Paint Research Station, Waldegrave Road, Teddington, Middlesex. Dec. 10."
Departments of Psychiatry and Neurology,  and&
 Laboratory of Viral Diseases, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
"Biochemistry Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7."
 Mathematics and Statistics and &
"Lobitos Oilfields, Ltd., The Refinery, Ellesmere Port, Wirral, Cheshire."
"University of London Observatory, Mill Hill Park, London NW7 2QS"
"Nevill Hall Hospital, Abergavenny, Monmouthshire.Department of Pharmacology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff."
Joseph Thornton Tweddle Research Scholar of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians."
ts-kinderklinik, T&
"Botany Dept., University College, London, W.C.1. Jan. 6."
"St. Thomas''s Hospital, London, S. E. 1. Sept. 9."
mica, Centro de Investigation y de Estudios Avanzados del Instituto Polit&
 Abteilung Molekulare Entwicklungsbiologie, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Sterrewacht te Leiden"
"(Charg&
Istituto Nazionale della Nutrizione, Citt&agrave
"Department of Histology, Medical School, G&
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1.&
"Lunar and Planetary Laboratory, and Departments of &
Centre de Mathematiques appliqu&
"Deputy Assistant Director of Health, Headquarters, Delhi Area, Delhi Cantt."
S.S.C. de l''ORSTOM&
"Research and Development Department, The Distillers Co., Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey."
"Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, Box 2072, Balboa, Canal Zone."
Bayerisches Geoinstitut, Universit&auml
Present address: Faculdade de Medicina da U.M.G., Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais."
"By Tring Station, Herts."
"Laboratoire de Catalyse H&
"Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo. June 14."
Center for Hemostasis and Thrombosis Research, Division of Hematology&
t, Biozentrum, Institut f&
"St. Stephen''s Road Nursery, Ealing, London, W.13. March 28."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London. Dec. 22."
"Max-Planck-Institut f&uuml
Department of Anatomy and &
cological Hospital, Green Lane West, Auckland, S.E.4. Jan. 6."
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey. June 27."
"Medical Research Council Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Metallurgy Department, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
"Department of Pharmacology, University Medical School, Budapest.Research Institute of Pharmaceutical IndustryNatural History Museum, Budapest."
Home address: Maria Sjukhus, Helsinski."
Biozentrum der Universit&auml
"Department of Mathematics, Lanchester College of Technology, Coventry."
"Space Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire"
"Green End, Renhold, Beds.22 Fairfield Avenue, Datchet, Bucks."
"Mineral Resources Division, Institute of Geological Sciences, London.&
"Department of Anatomy, University of Glasgow. July 10."
tterungInstitut f&
es do Ultramar, Alameda D. Afonso Henriques 41&
tisme et Pal&
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. July 12."
Deceased, June 1970."
"Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12. March 27.&
"Departments of Biochemistry and Physics, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. Nov. 15."
MRC Clinical and Population Cytogenetics Unit and &
"Institut de Recherches sur le Cancer Gustave Roussy, Villejuif, Seine. March 30."
MRC Biophysics Unit, King''s College, 26&
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne, May 7."
"Ebini Livestock Station, Berbice River, British Guiana."
 Physiology and Biophysics and &
University Observatory, D 37083 G&
The G. W. Hooper Foundation and &
Verna and Marrs McLean Department of Biochemistry and &
 University, S-901 87 Ume&
"Galton Laboratory, University College, London.Department of Insecticides and Fungicides, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Feb. 23."
"Institut fur Molekularbiologie II der Universit&auml
"Medical Research Laboratories, Chas. Pfizer and Co., Inc., Groton, Conn."
Department of Growth and Development, Institute of Child Health, London"
Biology Department, Seton Hall University, South Orange, New Jersey 07079&
"Departments of Morbid Anatomy and Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London.&
Present address: Department of Neurology and Neurosurgery, Montreal Neurological Institute, Montreal, Qu&
"Biological Research Laboratory, Hajdus&
Groupe de Physico Chimie Th&
"Mount Sinai Medical Research Foundation, Chicago."
 184 de Biologi&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire."
"Department of Engineering, Hendon Technical College, London, N.W.4. Feb. 17."
INSERM U73, G&
"Medical College, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.I."
"Standard Telecommunication Laboratories Ltd., Enfield, Middlesex. March 16."
Present address: Medical Research Council, Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
Zentralinstitut f&
"Histologisch-Embryologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Biochemistry Department, Rochester University Medical School, Rochester, N.Y."
Research career development awardee, U.S. Public Health Service."
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
John and Mary R. Markle Scholar in Medical Science."
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.&
Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne.&
Present address: Gyn&
"Departments of Pathology&
"Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science, London, S.W.7."
activit&
r Strahlen- und Umweltforschung, Zentralabteilung, 8 M&
ttingen. Jan. 8.&
"Fisheries Research Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Cronulla, N.S.W."
Departments of Pharmacology and Biochemistry and Biophysics, and&
bo Akademi&
 A. Worsley."
"Allis&
Institute of Geology
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cardiff. Aug. 11."
"Department of Chemistry, Levington Research Station, Fisons Fertilizers, Ltd., Ipswich, Suffolk."
"Department of Botany, University of Sheffield, Western Bank, Sheffield."
"Physical Institute, University of Wurzburg."
Departments of Neurobiology, &
Present address: Laboratory for Solar Physics and Astrophysics, Spectroscopy Br., NASA&
"Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, Prince Consort Road, London, S.W.7."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Western Ontario."
"Department of Medicine, Division of Nephrology and Departments of Pathology&
res, Trois-Rivi&
"Laboratory of General Pathology, Laboratory of Medical Pathology, University of Li&
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University of South Dakota, Vermillion, South Dakota."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh. July 4."
Laboratoire d''Astronomie Spatiale, Les Trois Lucs, 13012 Marseille"
Present address: Department of Pathology, Glasgow Royal Infirmary."
Present address: Galton Laboratory, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
"Meteorological Office, London Road, Bracknell, Berkshire."
 Division of Radiation Sciences, Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology, &
"Wool Industries Research Association, Leeds. July 24."
"University of London Observatory, Mill Hill Park, London, N.W.7. Dec. 12."
"Short Circuit Laboratory, Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
"Physique des Milieux Condens&
r G&auml
sica, Escola Polit&
"Departments of Physiology and Cellular Biophysics, and &
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College of Science &amp
"Brookhaven National Laboratory, Associated Universities, Inc., Upton, Long Island, N.Y. Jan. 13."
"Physics Department, Guy''s Hospital, London, S.E.1.Surgical Professorial Unit, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
Instituto Nacional de T&
Poly(ADP-Ribose) Metabolism Group, Department of Molecular Endocrinology, Centre Hospitalier de I''Universit&
 no. 290, 01243&
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Brno, Czechoslovakia."
"Division of Plant Industry, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Canberra. Sept. 20."
The Oncology Center and Departments of &
fferstrasse 1, D4400 M&
"European Research Associates, 95 rue Gatti de Gamond, Brussels."
In receipt of research fellowship from the Muscular Dystrophy Group."
"Department of Physiology, The Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, Charterhouse Square, London."
"32 Beresford Road, Oxton, Birkenhead. Sept. 10."
On secondment from the Department of Agriculture, Rydalmere, New South Wales."
Present address: Plant Physiology Division, &
 de Foresterie et de G&
Medical Fellow of Population Council Inc."
"Department of Pediatrics, Johns Hopkins Hospital.&
"Biochemical Institute, Helsinki. March 17."
"Dept. of Obstetrics and Gyn&
4680
"Radcliffe Observatory, Pretoria. Sept. 17."
ge. July 30."
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Vitamins, Ltd., Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, King''s College, University of London."
"University Observatory, Bonn."
teborg, and Department of Pharmacology, University of G&
pital des Enfants Malades,Clinique de G&
"Laboratory of the Government Chemist, Stamford Street, London."
Present address : Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, N.J."
 To whom correspondence should be addressed&
Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey 08540"
 To whom correspondence should be addressed"
Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey 08540&
"Laboratoire de Dynamique des Syst&
r Psychiatrie&
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Ceylon."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Sept. 1."
"Institutf&
nster, Wilhelm-Klemm-Strasse 10, 48149 M&
"Division of Materials Applications, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington."
"Nobel Institute of Biochemistry, Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm. Feb. 15."
"Imperial College of Field Station, Ascot, Berkshire."
"Departments of Anatomy and Physiology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, University of London, E.C.1."
"Central Research Laboratories, ICIANZ, Ltd., Newson Street, Ascot Vale, Melbourne. March 8."
nieMin&
 Interfaces and &
 National Institute for Tuberculosis, Pihen&
ologie, Montr&
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts. Dec. 9."
2800, Lyngby&
To whom correspondce should be addressed."
"Belgian Centre of Research for Normal and Pathological Growth, Department of Anatomy, University of Ghent. Feb. 16."
"Stack Medical Research Laboratories, Khartoum. Feb. 1."
Present addresses: Searle Pharmaceutical (G. D. Searle &amp
lvegatan, 223 62 Lund"
ge. Nov. 5."
 Chemistry&
"Biochemical Laboratory, Scientific Police Research Institute, Sanban-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo."
 del Sacro Cuore, Piacenza."
 Departments of Pathology and &
rimentale, Universit&
"Ashurst Lodge, Imperial College of Science and Technology, University of London."
"Department of Mathematics, University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg."
"Baker Medical Research Institute, Melbourne. July 4."
"Max Planck Institutefor Chemistry, Division of Atmospheric Chemistry, PO Box 3060, D-6500 Mainz,FRG"
"Psychology Department, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
t, Berlin, N 65."
"ARC Animal Breeding Research Organisation, Kings Buildings, Edinburgh EH9 3JQ"
Department of Physiology and Biophysics and &
"Natuurkundig Laboratorium, Rijks-Universiteit, Groningen. July 19."
"Division of Endocrinology, Department of Medicine, Seton Hall College of Medicine, Jersey City 4, New Jersey."
"Departments of Medicine and Pharmacology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1."
"Anatomisches Institut, Bayerische Julius-Maximilians-Universit&auml
 These authors contributed equally to this work"
"Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Jan. 5."
"Institute for Pathology, Beatrix Street, Pretoria."
partement de Pharmacologie, Facult&
"University Chemical Laboratories, University of Kent at Canterbury."
Holder of Scholarship from the Medical Research Council, Great Britain."
Permanent address: Central Research Institute for Physics, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest.&
Present address: Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, Institut f&
Present address: Instituto de Investigaciones El&
orique et Hautes Energies, Universit&
 Ecole Normale Sup&
 Research, Ltd., Thornton Research Centre, Chester."
Institut de Recherches Cliniques de Montr&
"Department of Anatomy, University, Glasgow, W.2. Sept. 28."
Delft."
Istituto di Zoologia, Universit&agrave
r Milchwirtschaft, Kiel."
a y Ciencias de la Educaci&
5940
ehov&
"Medical Research Council Clinical Endocrinology Research Unit, University of Edinburgh.&
"Radio Research Station, Slough. Oct. 26."
Departments of Genetics and Pediatrics, and &
"Escola Paulista de Medicina, Departamento de Histologia, S&
dicale universitaire, Lausanne."
"The Medical Unit, London Hospital, E.1.Department of Experimental Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. Oct. 31.&
"Laboratory Animals Centre, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey.Centrum Laboratornich Zv&
Fellow of the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation. Present address: Department of Immunology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
"Division of Forest Products, C.S.I.R.O., Melbourne."
Centre de G&
Biostatistics, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, &
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Stockholm.Department of Histology, University, Lund. Sept. 26."
"Catedra de Bioqu&
To whom requests for reprints should be addressed.&
To whom requests for reprints should be addressed."
"Agricultural Research Council Animal Breeding Research Organization, Edinburgh, 9."
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Forest Products, South Melbourne."
 To whom all correspondence should be addressed."
ttingen, Zentrum f&
"Laboratoire de Pharmacodynamie et Physiologie, UER de Medecine-Pharmaie, 49 Rue Maul&
"Hydrobiological Institute, &
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne."
"Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, St. Augustine, Trinidad, B.W.I. Nov. 29.&
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne.&
"Department of Pharmacology, Haffkine Institute, Bombay, 12.Department of Chemotherapy, Haffkine Institute, Bombay, 12."
"Group for Research in the Physiology of Vision (Medical Research Council), Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 24."
"Institut de Biog&
National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey.&
Schering AG., M&
gr&
r Blutgruppenforschung der Tierzuchtforschung und Institut f&
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Applied Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Nov. 14.&
"Department of Pharmacology, Biological Research Division, Schering Corporation, Bloomfield, New Jersey."
Analytical Chemistry, &
"Department of Botany, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
"Heriot-Watt College, Edinburgh. July 18."
"Streatwick, Streat near Hassocks, Sussex."
Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique and Institut National de la Sant&
"Department of Physics, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London.The Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London. May 4.&
"Studsvik Energiteknik AB, S-611 82 Nyk&
Permanent address: Mitsubishi-Kasei Institute of Life Sciences, Machida, Tokyo."
"Physics Department, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital (Surrey Branch), Belmont, Sutton, Surrey.&
Natron&
"Clove Research Scheme, Zanzibar. Sept. 11."
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, College House, Wright''s Lane, London W8.Tropical Products Institute, 56&
"Section of Biophysics, Physical Laboratory of the State University, Groningen. March 25."
rimentable Route de Malagnou 154, Gen&
r Meeresbiologie, T&
"Physics Department, University College, Dundee."
tsklinik, B&
"Laboratoire de Microbiologie, l''Universit&
"Agricultural Research Laboratory&
aire, 1''Universit&
"Courtaulds, Ltd., Research Laboratory, Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead. Aug. 14."
"Department of Astronomy, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, G12 8QQ"
"Nuffield Lodge, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. April 1."
 Laboratoire d''Analyse Ultrastructurale, B&
"Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo. May 1."
"Physics Department, British Iron and Steel Research Association, 140 Battersea Park Road, London, S.W.11.&
ts-Klinik, W&
"Physics Department, British Iron and Steel Research Association, 140 Battersea Park Road, London, S.W.11."
pital Henri Mondor, 94010 Cr&
ts-Kinderklinik, T&
eto, Ribeir&
"H&
"King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. March 12."
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedford.&
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedford."
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam. Jan. 13."
Swedish Environmental Protection Board, Special Analytical Laboratory, Wallenberglaboratoriet, Lilla Frescati, 104 05 Stockholm 50&
"Istituto d''Igiene, Universit&agrave
gica, Borgo&
ca Bi&
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Fellow of the College of Physicians and Surgeons."
Present address: Laboratoire de Zoologie, Universit&
"Physiological Laboratory, University of Basle. Aug. 11."
Present address: Research Division, Allis-Chalmers Mfg. Co., Milwaukee 1, Wis."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Queen Mary College, University of London, London, E.1. Sept. 29."
 Pediatrics and &
"Medical Research Council Laboratories, Hampstead, London, N.W.3."
Formerly of the West African Fisheries Research Institute."
"Centro de Endocrinologia, Clinica de Endocrinologia y Metabolismo, Godoy Cruz 1221, Buenos Aires."
&
Institut Gustave-Roussy, Groupe de Recherche de Radiobiologie Clinique, 94-Villejuif.&
 de Franche-Comt&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Mineral Chemistry, Melbourne."
Present address: Department of Biophysics, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
 Department of Medicine, and &
sy Laboratory, Budapest. Jan. 26."
t, Greifswald, D.D.R."
Chemoprevention and &
dz, &
"Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore. May 20."
. University of S&
56575
52852
"Sterrenwacht &
tica Animal y Humana, Secci&
 Gwen Knapp Center for Lupus and Immunology Research, &
"Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics&
" Laboratoire de Glaciologie et G&
"CNR Center of Cytopharmacology, Department of Pharmacology and &
matology, Alfred Hospital, Melbourne."
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, W.2. Jan. 8."
 Present address: Laboratory for Micro- &amp
r Schwingungsforschung, Deutschen Akademie der Wissenschaften, Berlin."
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. April 1.&
"Department of Anatomy, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.2. May 11."
Physiologische Chemie I and &
Molecular Biology Section, Veterinary Research Institute, Onderstepoort, Pretoria"
The E. O. Hulburt Center for Space Research, and the University of Tel-Aviv&
Molecular Biology Section, Veterinary Research Institute, Onderstepoort, Pretoria&
"Research Branch, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa."
Biochemisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Oct. 22."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Feb. 15."
"Department of Ophthalmology, School of Medicine, University of Nagoya. Dec. 10."
"Marine Station, Keppel Pier, Millport."
rimentale,Laboratoire de Chimie Analytique,Universit&
Participant, National Science Foundation Undergraduate Science Education Programme, Summer 1964."
 Physik-lnstitutder Universit&auml
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh, King''s Buildings, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9."
partement des Sciences fondamentales, Universit&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University, Edinburgh 9. Aug. 27."
"MRC Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Berkshire"
"Istituto di Patologia generale, Universit&
"Physical Research Department, Nitroglycerin AB., Stockholm. Dec. 8."
"Agricultural Research Council, Biochemistry Department, Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough."
"Department of Neuroendocrinology, Institute of Psychiatry, Maudsley Hospital, S.E.5, and Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital Medical School, 8 Hunter Street, W.C.l.&
Department ofPharmacological and Physiological Sciences, &
t, Basel. Nov. 15."
59, D-4400 M&
t Bonn, Auf dem H&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire."
Institute Espa&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire.&
mica, Institute de Qu&
"Department of Mathematics, The University, Leeds. Sept. 2."
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Rottenbiller-u. 26, Budapest, VII. Oct. 14."
"Surgical Unit, St George''s Hospital Medical School, London SW1."
"School of Optometry, and Departments of Physiology&
Present address: I. Zoologisches Institut, Berlinerstrasse 28, G&
Travelling Fellow of the New South Wales State Cancer Council."
dicales, Secteur de Neurologie and &
"Departments of Morbid Anatomy and Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1."
Applied Geochemistry Research Group, Imperial College, London SW7&
"Department of Botany, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, Ontario."
"University of St. Andrews, University College, Dundee. March 31."
Present address: University of Western Ontario, Department of Pathology, London, Ontario."
"Department of Physics, University of Delhi. Oct. 13."
Member of the &
Present address: Forensic Science Laboratory, Wakenfield"
"Departments of Physiology and Pharmacology, University of G&
rKernphysik, Universit&auml
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Aug. 20."
Samuel J. Hoffman Fellow."
Royal Greenwich Observatory, Apartado 321, 38780 Santa Cruz de La Palma, Tenerife, Canary Islands.&
"Department of Anatomy, School of Medicine, Leeds 2. Sept. 13."
Institut National d''Etudes D&
"Department of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, University of Buenos Aires. June 30."
"Department of Biophysics and Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo."
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby."
"Department of Pharmacology, Sandoz, Ltd., Basle. Aug. 11."
, Naples."
National Institute for Medical Research, Holly Hill, London NW3."
Institute for Medical Microbiology, Johannes Gutenberg-University Mainz, Augustusplatz, D-65 Mainz&
"Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey.Departamento de Fisiologia Animal, Universidade de S&
"Department of Bacteriology, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, DuCane Road, London W12"
"Departments of Medicine&
To whom correspondence should be addressed. Also at UFR de Physique, Universit&
, S. Cappa&
"State Institute for the Control of Drugs, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1."
"Pest Infection Control Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Tolworth, Surbiton, Surrey"
 par
"Biological Unit, British Antarctic Survey, Queen Mary College, University of London."
"Laboratory of Neurobiology, National Institute of Mental Health, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md."
59 (on leave from the Department of Chemistry, University of Tokyo)."
"Tumour Virology&
 H. Dorkins, S. McGlade &amp
"Suffield Experimental Station, Ralston, Alberta."
"Laboratoire de P&
G.F. and V.B. are joint first authors.&
Harold Brunn Institute, Mount Zion Hospital and Medical Center, 1600 Civisadero Street, San Francisco.&
"Virus Unit, Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Sefton Park, Stoke Poges, Bucks."
 di Pavia, Pavia."
"Department of Physics, Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham, Berkshire"
"Department of Physiology, Seton Hall College of Medicine and Dentistry, Jersey City, New Jersey.&
"Infestation Control Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Hook Rise South, Tolworth, Surbiton, Surrey."
 Department of Biochemistry &amp
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh, and Department of Zoology, University of St. Andrews."
"Institute of Physiology, Institute of Medical Chemistry, Medical Faculty, Lidick&
"Institute of Soil Research and Agrochemistry, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest II."
"Alexander Fleming Institute of SPA, Milan.Institute of General Pathology, University, Palermo."
"King County Central Blood Bank, Seattle.Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa.Connaught Medical Research Laboratories, Toronto. Feb. 24."
 libre de Bruxelles. March 1."
To whom the reprint requests should be addressed."
r Anorganische Chemie, Universit&auml
lich GmbH, D-5170 J&
"Division of Protein Chemistry, C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, Parkville, N2, Melbourne."
cnica da Universidade de S&
Present address: Department of Chemistry, City of London Polytechnic, Sir John Cass School of Science, 31 Jewry St, London EC3.&
 Department ofPathology and &
"Department of Bacteriology,Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. April 8."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, Institute of Child Health, Guildford Street, London."
Institute for Clinical and Molecular Virology, Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-N&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Feb. 5."
sseldorf, GFR 4000 D&
"Control Systems Laboratory, Division of Mechanical Engineering, National Research Council, Ottawa.Department of Anatomy, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Institute of Physics, University of Uppsala."
"Department of Applied Psychology, University of Wales Institute of Science and Technology, Llwyn-y-Grant, Cardiff CF3 7UX."
rio de T.F.Q.M.P., Junta de Investiga&
"University of London, King''s College, Strand, W.C.2.&
 and The Institute for Advanced Study&
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London, W.C.1. May 21."
"Orielton, Pembroke."
LFCTR&
"Division of Building Research, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Graham Road, Highett, S.21, Victoria. April 7."
"Pacific Fisheries Experimental Station, Vancouver 2, B.C. Aug. 6."
"Institute de Fisiolog&
Research fellow sponsored by the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation."
"Tropical Products Institute, 56/64 Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.l."
"Institute of Physiology, University of Glasgow"
"Research Laboratory, Oxo, Ltd., London, S.E.1."
"Department of Zoology, University, Glasgow. Nov. 3."
"National Physical Research Laboratory, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria."
65). Present address: Endocrinological Institute, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
"Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
 e Maria&
"108 Eccleston Mews, Belgrave Place, London, S.W.1."
MRC Neuropsychiatry Unit, Carshalton, Surrey"
"The Nobel Institute for Neurophysiology, &
"D&
Unit&
 Department of Mathematics, &
Present address: Stazione Zoologica di Napoli, Naples."
"Metabolism Research Laboratory, Ottawa Civic Hospital, Ottawa, Ontario"
"Institute of Dermatology, Lisle Street, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Physiological Sciences, Ontario Veterinary College, Guelph, Ontario."
Lymphocyte Cell Biology Section, Arthritis and Rheumatism Branch, National Institute of Arthritis, Musculoskeletal and Skin diseases, and&
r Pflanzen&
"Institute of Physiology and Department &
"Clinical Laboratory, Children''s Hospital, Titograd.Institute of Biochemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Beograd.Institute of Parasitology, Faculty of Medicine, Beograd."
"Biotechnology Division, NASA&
Mario Negri&
 di Milano.Istituto di Fisica, Politecnico di Milano. July 31."
"Department of Otolaryngology, and Department of Histology, University of G&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University, Drummond Street, Edinburgh 8. March 5."
"Botany Department, University of Delhi. Sept. 15."
"Zoological Laboratory, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
Department of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics and &
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks.&
"Science Service Laboratory, University Sub P.O., London, Ontario. Oct. 9."
"Psychology Department, The University, Glasgow, W.2. Jan. 25."
"Technical College, Sunderland.King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. June 2."
patique, H&
mico, Campinas, S&
"NERC Unit of Marine Invertebrate Biology, Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey"
Nippon Steel Corporation, R &amp
"Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey."
"Mala Skala 175, Czechoslovakia."
"Laboratory of Experimental Medicine, Clinique M&
"Department of Anatomy, Medical College, Agra. March 5."
"Departments of Chemical Pathology and of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, and the Medical Professorial Unit, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical School"
Department of Astronomy and Space Science Laboratory,&
. Dec. 4."
"Game Research Station, Burgate Manor, Fordingbridge, Hampshire."
"Research Institute for Tuberculosis and Leprosy, T&
"Department of Agriculture, Wye College (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent."
International Atomic Energy Agency, International Laboratory of Marine Radioactivity, 2 Avenue Prince H&
"Faculty of Agriculture, University College, Gold Coast. June 9."
"Physik Department, E22, Technische Universit&auml
rgu-Mure&
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middx. April 13."
 Departments of Microbiology &amp
"National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi-12. Feb. 5."
"Department of Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical School,Department of Zoology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Hallerianum, Bern. Sept. 21.&
r Immunologie, Universit&auml
Federal Research Institute for Animal Virus Diseases, Paul-Ehrlich-Str. 28, 74 T&
nster, Wilhelm-Klemm-Strasse 8, 4400 M&
r Physikalische Chemie, Universit&auml
"Geophysical Institute, University of Tokyo. July 18."
r Quantenoptik, Universit&auml
ochimie, Facult&
t, Erlangen&
Institut du Cancer de Montr&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cathays Park, Cardiff. July 25."
Surgical Unit, Kings College Hospital&
MPI Verhaltensphysiologie, Vogelwarte Radolfzell, D-7760 M&
"Pharmacological Research Department, Pfizer Ltd., Sandwich, Kent."
, Montr&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1.Chester Beatty Research Institute, London, S.W.3.&
"Agricultural Research Council of Central Africa, Marandellas, Rhodesia."
"First Department of Pathological Anatomy and Experimental Cancer Research, Medical University, Budapest."
Present address: Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, Shrewsbury, Mass."
 de Pharmacie, Strasbourg.Centre de Recherches sur les Macromol&
"Department of Chemistry, College of Arts and Science, University of the West Indies, St. Augustine, Trinidad. William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, Gower St., London, W.C.1."
 Radiology, &
gicas, Institute Polit&
"Bencard Allergy Research Unit, Beecham Research Laboratories, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
"Research and Computing Center, Academy of Athens."
"Geographisches Institut der Freien Universit&auml
"Wellcome Laboratories for Experimental Surgery and Medicine, Unit of Clinical Investigation, Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney.&
Senior Research Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service."
"Departments of Inorganic and of Organic Chemistry, Nikolaos Kanellopoulos Institute, Pir&
"Hiratuka Branch, Government Chemical Industrial Research Institute, Tokyo."
Department of Hygiene and&
"Charing Cross Hospital, London, W.C.2. April 6."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry, Academy of Sciences of Ukrainian S.S.R."
National Science Foundation Research Fellow.&
Istituto Botanico dell'' Universit&agrave
"Department of Genetics, University of Glasgow
"Medical Unit, The London Hospital, London, E.1."
"Department of Agriculture, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury, S. Rhodesia."
"LGME-CNRS, U184-INSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Department of Biology, University of the Andes, Bogot&
ping, S-581 83 Link&
"Animal Leukaemia Research Unit, University of Glasgow, Bearsden, Glasgow"
Division of Immunology, Clinical Research Centre, Watford Road, Harrow HA1 3UJ, Middlesex"
Laboratoire de Physiologie Cellulaire et Compar&
"Department of Antibiotics, Research Institute of Experimental Medical Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Debrecen, 12."
 Departments of Biochemistry, &
Present address: KFA-J&
t, Freiburgu i. Br."
"National Institute of Health, Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo."
 Microbiology and &
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, Faculty of Agriculture, T&
"Physics Department, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London E1 4NS"
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.British Internal Combustion Engine Research Association, Slough, Bucks. Nov. 13."
"Schering A.G., Berlin&
"Biological Institute of the Czechoslovak Academy of Science, Na cvi&
"John Burford Carlill Laboratories, Westminster School of Medicine, London, S.W.1."
, Box 953, N-9001 Troms&
r Radiumforschung, Vienna. Nov. 24."
"Laboratory of Spectroscopic Analysis, Laboratory of Organic Chemistry, Universit&
"Military Engineering Experimental Establishment, Christchurch, Hants."
"Belgian Centre of Normal and Pathological Growth, Laboratories of Normal and Pathological Anatomy, University of Ghent."
"Laboratoire de Biochimie, Universit&
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Bari, and Institute of Biochemistry and Department of Infectious Diseases, University of Naples."
Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, Stockholms Observatorium, S-13300, Saltsj&
nica, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad de Madrid."
"Observatoires du Pic-du-Midi et de Toulouse, Laboratoire Associ&
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., (Alkali Division), Northwich, Cheshire. May 6."
"First Clinic of Neurology and Psychiatry, University Medical School, Budapest.National Institute of Public Health, Budapest."
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey. Nov. 26."
Technical University, Graz&
r Biologie, Abteilung Immungenetik, Corrensstrae 42, 7400 T&
"Chemistry Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Sept. 19."
"Development Section, Birds Eye Foods, Ltd., Great Yarmouth."
"Agricultural Chemistry Laboratory, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Centre de Recherches sur la Cellule Normale et Canc&
Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization postgraduate scholar."
"Research Department, I.C.I. (Nobel Division), Limited, Stevenston, Ayrshire. Aug. 7."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy and Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, London."
"Escuela de Medicina &
Departmentof Bacteriology and &
n Campomar, J. Alvarez 1719, Buenos Aires. Jan. 9."
To whom correspondence should be  addressed."
r biophysikalische Chemie, D 3400 G&
 To whomcorrespondence should be addressed"
 di Bari.Istituto di Farmacologia, Universit&agrave
"Department of Histology, London Hospital Medical College, E.1. Dec. 14."
"Chemistry Department, Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1."
m.2, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
SP&
"Department of Aeronautics, Imperial College, London SW7."
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Council, Ottawa, Ontario."
"Zoology Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. Nov. 7."
Chercheur &agrave
 Institut f&
"Institute of Ophthalmology, University of London, Judd St., London."
matologie Exp&
"Sherrington School of Physiology, St. Thomas''s Hospital, London, S.E.1. Oct. 24."
"Meteorological Office, London, W.C.2. Jan. 27."
dicas, Universidad Nacional de Buenos Aires."
 l''Institut Interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucl&
"Department of Botany, Imperial College, London.&
"Chemistry Department, King''s Buildings, University of Edinburgh. May 30."
"Genetics Section, Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee.&
sseldorf."
"Medical Department &
"N.C.B. Northern (N and C) Division, Scientific Department, &
"Department of Pathology, University of Edinburgh, Teviot Place, Edinburgh."
Department of Physiology &amp
"Laboratory of Applied Entomology, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo. Sept. 22."
tique Humaine, 76F Bois Guillaume.&
r Kernchemie, Universit&auml
W.S. &amp
"Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., Department of Biochemical Pharmacology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110."
"National Coal Board, Central Research Establishment, Stoke Orchard, Glos. June 4."
"Laboratory of Hygiene and Bacteriology, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. March 14."
Departments of Physiology and&
"Department of Sugar Chemistry and Technology, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad. Sept. 4."
"Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Ascot, Berks."
"Midland Centre for Neurosurgery and Neurology, Holly Lane, Smethwick, Warley, Worcestershire.&
"Jodrell Bank Experimental Station, Lower Withington, Cheshire. Oct. 8."
Institut de G&
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, University College, Cardiff."
Department of Biomedical Engineering&
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
D. Danielopol&
 libre de Bruxelles. Nov. 9."
"Biochemistry&
ln, Z&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Jan. 26."
"Division of Radiophysics, C.S.I.R.O., Sydney."
"National Physical Laboratory, Hillside Road, New Delhi, 12. Feb. 19."
"Departments of Medicine and Pathology, Royal Free Hospital, Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1.&
Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics, &
decine), and &
"Colonial Products Laboratory, Imperial Institute Building, South Kensington,London, S.W.7. June 1."
"Department of Immunology, University of M&
r Anorganische Chemie und Kernchemie der Universit&auml
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh.&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh."
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. March 8."
r Experimentelle Immunologie, Universit&auml
"Institute of Botany and Biology, Bolyai Hungarian University, Cluj, Roumania."
"Infra-red Spectroscopic Laboratory, Stazione Sperimentale Combustibili, Istituto Scientifico di Chimica &
"Regional Pastoral Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Armidale, New South Wales. April 16."
gicas, Instituto &
"National Physical Laboratory, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria. Feb. 29."
 Facultad de Ciencias Exactas, Fisicas y Naturales,Universidad Nacional de C&
Present address: Department of Chemistry, University of Edinburgh."
r Immunbiologie, St&
Present address: National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, Md."
"Radiochemical Division,Radiobiology Division, Institato Energia At&
Cardiovascular Diseases,&
"Department of Clinical Biochemistry, Medical Academy, Gda&
On leave from the Department of Psychology, Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology."
"Department of Immunology and &
Woodthorne&
"Royal Albert Edward Infirmary, Wigan."
Board of Studies in Physics, and &
"Metrology Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
 Departments of Neuroscience, &
Metabolic Research Unit, &
Hematology/Oncology and &
"Departments of Anatomy and Biochemistry, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2. Nov. 1."
tten des Erd&
"Medizinische Univ.-Poliklinik, Heidelberg."
"Institute for Organic and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm. Dec. 20.&
Present address: Birkbeck College, University of London."
Members of the staff of the Herring Industry Board."
Present address: Department of Anatomy, School of Medicine, East Carolina University, Greenville, North Carolina.&
"Institut for Molekyl&
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and Departments of &
"Sir William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London. Sept. 26."
Born&
"MRC Laboratory Animals Centre, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey"
, Pisa"
geno, UNAM. Ap. postal 565-A, Cuernavaca, Mor. M&
"Laboratoire de Chimie Appliqu&
"Department of Microbiology, Hahnemann Medical College and Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia 2."
 Institute of Pathology, University of T&
"Institute of Theoretical Physics, University of Stockholm. June 23."
"Upper Atmosphere Research, National Research Council, Ottawa, 2"
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Medical Academy, Cracow. July 17."
Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Merck &amp
"Institute of Cellular Biology, Universidad Nacional de C&
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Herts.Physics Department, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. Nov. 25."
 Mass Spectrometry and Gaseous Ion Chemistry, and &
Istituto di Chimica, Facolt&agrave
culaire du D&
"Department of Internal Medicine, Central Clinical Laboratory, St. Rapha&
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Cancer Institute Board, 278 William Street, Melbourne."
n y Desarrollo, Departamento de Qu&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, St. Salvator''s College, St. Andrews. March 13."
"Agricultural Research Council, Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, near Newbury, Berks."
"Department of Pharmacology, Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science, Philadelphia 4."
ge. April 25."
Eli Lilly &amp
Center for Cancer Research and &
Laboratoire d''Histologie et Embryologie, UER M&
Present address: Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedford, England."
"Technical Department, Research Section, National Benzole Co., Ltd., Watford, Herts. July 14."
Laboratoire de Physique Th&
zquez, 138, Madrid 6."
"Divisions of Experimental Chemotherapy and Cytology, Sloan&
"Dept. of Biological Sciences, Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent. Nov. 3."
Department of Medicine, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London W12 0HS"
r&
"Institute of General Pathology, University, Pisa. July 18."
"Laboratoire de Recherche, Clinique M&
x0003A
Genetics Section, Department of Psychiatry and &
"Research and Development Department, Distillers Co., Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey. Nov. 26."
"Research Laboratories, Kodak Limited, Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex. July 20."
Boris Kidrich&
 K.K.K, and TS. contributed equally to this work."
"Trgu Mure&
"Laboratoire de Physique et Chimie Marines de l''Universit&
n 04510, D.F., M&
Department of Neurology, University of D&
"Durham Colleges Geology Department, South Road, Durham."
t, Frankfurt am Main, Ludwig Rehnstr. 14."
"Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1. July 19."
External staff, Medical Research Council."
"Division of Laboratories, Dept. of Health and Welfare, Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. Feb. 20."
"Research Laboratories, Frank W. Horner, Ltd., Montreal.&
1039&
"Science and Technology Center for Superconductivity:&
"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Plas Gogerddan, Nr. Aberystwyth."
"Instituteof Cancer Research, Chester Beatty Laboratories, Fulham Road, London SW3 6JB,UK&
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Plas Gogerddan, Nr. Aberystwyth.&
 libre de Bruxelles. Oct. 21."
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, Rutland Drive, Harrogate, Yorks."
"Department of Biochemistry, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, 62&
chtungsforschung, Egelspfad, D-5000 K&
"Physiologisch-Chemischen Institut, Universit&auml
ologique, Universit&
"Department of Physics, King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2."
 de Sciences, Universit&
"University of Delhi. May 27."
"Department of Neurophysiology, Neuroinformation Research Institute, University of Kanazawa School of Medicine, 13&
"Botanisches Institut der Technischen Hochschule, Darmstadt.Institut f&
"Department of Biology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Applied Geochemistry Research Group, Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
cam&
"Istituto di Astronomia, Universit&agrave
International Brain Research Organization Fellow.&
r Geophysik und Meteorologie, Universit&auml
Commonwealth Fund Fellow."
trie, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette"
"Department of Communication, University of Keele."
"Loughborough College of Technology, Loughborough, Leicestershire."
dicas, Universidad de Buenos Aires.&
"Botany Department, The University, Leeds. June 14."
"Electronics Laboratories, University of Kent, Canterbury, Kent."
r Meereskunde, Universit&
"Department of Physiology, The University, Leicester LE1 7RH"
"Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1."
Laboratory of Molecular Biology, National Cancer Institute, and &
"Warren Spring Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Stevenage, Herts."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. Jan. 4."
"Department of Mathematics, Birkbeck College (University of London), Malet Street, London, W.C.I. Dec. 29."
To whom correspondence shouldbe addressed."
Present address: Bundesforschungsanstalt f&
"National Physical Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Teddington, Middlesex. Feb. 24."
8712
"Department of Chemistry, University, Sheffield 10. Dec. 19."
Present address: Institut de Chimie G&
Biological Resources Branch, and &
Present address: Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, University of Glasgow."
rich-Irchel, Veterin&auml
"Fats Research Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Wellington, N.Z. July 19."
Radio and Space Research Station, Slough SL3 9JX"
partement de Parasitologie et de M&
"Palynology Laboratory, Oil and Natural Gas Commission, Dehra Dun."
Friesland,&
Electrical Science Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.&
"University College, London, W.C.1, and Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Aug. 27."
 Changed as of 1 April 1996."
teborg. May 29."
r Biophysikalische Chemie, Am Fassberg, 3400 G&
"Spectroscopy Department, Imperial College, London.&
"Instituto de Pesquisas e Expermenta&
INSERM 99, H&
Wellcome Research Fellow in Zoology"
"Queen Mary College, University of London"
To whom correspondence should be addressed at The Children''s Hospital."
"MRC Clinical Psychiatry Research Unit, Graylingwell Hospital, Chichester, Sussex."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks."
"Crystallographic Laboratory, Geological Institute, University of Ghent. Nov. 6."
"Botany Department, Edinburgh School of Agriculture, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9."
Ames Research Center, Moffett Field&
 Advanced BiotechnologyCenter, Viale Benedetto XV n&
"Laboratories of Viral Oncology and Pathophysiology, Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, 94-Villejuif.Groupe de Recherches sur les virus, Institut National de la Sant&
"Institute of General Biology and Genetics, and Zoological Station, Naples."
"Department of Histology, University of Lund. Feb. 4."
"Electronics Wing, Canadian Armament Research and Development Establishment, Valcartier, P.Q."
"Department of Pathology and Cancer Research Centre, Assam Medical College, Dibrugarh, Assam. Aug. 23."
"Agricultural Research Institute (Department of Agriculture), Wagga Wagga, New South Wales."
 Laboratorium f&
"Department of Physical Chemistry, The University, Leeds 2."
To whom correspondence may be addressed&
Earth Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, &
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3"
"Department of Immunology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London.Houghton Poultry Research Station, Houghton, Huntingdon."
"Department of Physiology, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Medical University Clinic, 5 K&
"Department of Chemistry and Food Technology, Borough Polytechnic, London, S.E.1. Jan. 22."
"Department of Immunology, Hygiene-Institut der Universit&auml
Visitor from the Observatory, Ondrejov, Czechoslovakia."
Macleay Bacteriologist to the Linnean Society of N.S.W.Agriculture School, University, Sydney.&
Department of Biology, College of St Benedict&
"Botany Department, University of Cairo, Giza. July 8."
"Centre d''&
Grup d''Astrof&
Present address : Nuclide Corp. State College, Penna, U.S.A."
hrung im Institut f&
x000A5
Earth Sciences Division,&
MRC Group on Haemolytic Mechanisms, Royal Postgraduate Medical School&
r Folkh&auml
"Pharmakologisches Institut, der Universit&auml
s-u 5&
"National Institute of Health, Minatoku, Tokyo. June 1."
"British Ceramic Research Association, Stoke-on-Trent. Jan. 23."
"Department of Physiology, Marischal College, Aberdeen. Nov. 10."
my-l&
The Lord Rank Research Centre, High Wycombe, Bucks&
"Department of Physiology, University of Witwatersrand, Johannesburg.&
 delmmunoh&
a, Universidad de Buenos Aires, Av. San Mart&
"Department of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, Leeds 2. July 5."
Present address: Department of Agricultural Chemistry, University of Tokyo."
"Department of Bacteriology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Sept. 26."
Department of Microbiology, University of Ume&
"Department of Hygiene and Bacteriology, University of Uppsala. Jan 20."
Infrared Astronomy Branch, &
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London."
"Istituto Ricerche Agrarie, Societ&agrave
"Departments of Medicine and Physics, St. Vincent''s Hospital, Sydney."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, The University, Aberdeen. March 5."
gicas, Madrid 6."
"Department of Coal Gas and Fuel Industries with Metallurgy, University, Leeds 2. March 15."
"Science Department, Newcastle Technical College, Newcastle, N.S.W. Jan. 25."
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Laboratories, Ottawa. Oct 18.&
r Genetik, D-7400 T&
"Department of Pathology,H. N. Smith Research Unit, Department of Physiology, Royal College of Surgeons of England."
"Histological Laboratory, Free University, Amsterdam. Oct. 29."
cologie et d''Obst&
"Howard Hughes Medical      Institute, Departments of Medicine, Genetics and Molecular Microbiology,      &
"Asthma and Allergy Research Unit, St. David''s Hospital, Cardiff. Sept. 8."
"II. Medizinische Klinik der Universit&auml
Neurobiology Research Laboratory, Department of Neurology, Athens National University, Eginition Hospital.&
"Department of Plant Biology, University of Natal, Durban."
"Botany Department, Bedford College (University of London), Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
" Departments of &
"Material Research Laboratory, Philips Electrical, Limited, New Road, Mitcham Junction, Surrey. Aug. 16."
"Physics Department, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. Jan. 22."
Departmentof Biology and &
"Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Laboratoire de Magn&
Departmentof Integrative Brain Science and&
"Accelerator Research Division, European Organization for Nuclear Research, Geneva."
 and Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1 (present address)."
cken."
Anesthesia, &
"Department of Chemistry, The University, Nottingham. Nov. 20."
"Department of Bacteriology, Central Laboratory of the Kupat Holim, Haifa."
"Biophysical Department, Heiligenberg Institute, Heiligenberg i. Baden. May 2."
"Theodor-Kocher-Institute of the University and Central Laboratory of the Swiss Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, Berne. Oct. 29."
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. July 2."
"Friedrich-Miescher-Laboratorium, der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse 37&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Feb. 5."
  Institut f&
Histopathology and &
"Ditton Laboratory, Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, East Malling, Maidstone, Kent. April 9."
"New South Wales Red Cross, Blood Transfusion Service, Sydney."
"Department of Biophysics and Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo, Tokyo."
"Forschungsstelle Vennesland, Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Harnacksta&
"British Launderers'' Research Association, The Laboratories, Hill View Gardens, Hendon, N.W.4. June 22."
Exobiology Division, NASA&
"Transfusion Station, Purkyn&
Center for Immunology and Department of Internal Medicine&
"Laboratorium voor Plantenphysiologie, Carnoy Instituut, Louvain."
"Istituto di Fisica del Politecnico.Istituto di Patologia Medica dell''Universit&agrave
ophysique, 94 St Maur-des-Foss&
s (CNRS LIRA 782), boite 77, Universit&
Nuffield Radio Astronomy Laboratories, Jodrell Bank, Cheshire."
To whom the correspondence should be addressed."
"Department of Metallurgy, University, Leeds, 2. Dec. 5."
"Department of Pharmacological Research, Parke, Davis and Co., Hounslow, Middlesex."
"Faculty of Sciences, University, Marseilles."
"Atomic Energy Division, Geological Survey of Great Britain, 15&
Guelph-Waterloo Centre for Graduate Work in Chemistry, Guelph, OntarioPresent addresses:&
ln 41&
Investigator of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cient&
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London. March 20."
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics, Queen''s College, Dundee. Aug. 13."
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College, London SW7."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Akers Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Jan. 2."
150
"Poultry Research Station, Animal Health Trust, Houghton, Huntingdon. Oct. 7."
"Pilkington Brothers, Ltd., Ormskirk, Lancashire."
"Institut d''Astrophysique, Universit&
 Lyle Limited, Group Research &amp
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1. May 29.&
 Present address: Institute of Pharmacology, University of Z&
INPE, Institute de Pesquisas Espaciais, C.P. 515, 12.200&
Laboratory of Molecular Immunology,  Dana-Farber Cancer Institute
Present address: Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
"Department of Physiology, Medical College, University of Ceylon, Colombo. April 21."
"The Marine Station, Millport. Dec. 10."
bingen, Institut f&
Department of Anatomy, &
Present address: Inst. for Radiobiol. Res., Budafok."
"Acton Technical College, London, W.3. June 13."
Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, and &
mica, Institute Nacional de Investigaciones Agron&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Plant Pathology Laboratory, Hatching Green, Harpenden, Herts."
Kolling Institute of Medical Research and &
r Milchwirtschaft, Weihenstephan, M&
"Tavistock Institute of Human Relations, London, W.1."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield,"
Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Invest&
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
"C/o British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, 48 Tewin Road, Welwyn Garden City. Dec. 1."
"Baker Medical Research Institute, Melbourne. April 23."
 Metabolism Branch, National Cancer Institute
"Morganite Research and Development, Ltd., Northfields Laboratories, Northfields, Wandsworth, London, S.W.18."
, Roma.Istituto di Fisica dell'' Universit&agrave
 Laboratoire de Physique des Solides, Universit&
On study leave from the University of Delhi."
al, CP 6128, succ. Centre-Ville, Montr&
 Libre de Bruxelles, Bruxelles, 1."
CSIRO Division of Plant Industry, Canberra, ACT.&
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne.Division of Electrotechnology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. Juno 26."
Protein Crystallography Group, Department of Chemistry, University of Troms&
"Medical Research Council Blood Group Research Unit, Lister Institute, London, S.W.1. April 24."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, Wilson College, Bombay."
"Nassau Hospital, Mineola, N.Y. Feb. 7."
ochimie Nucl&
 113, H&
"Wright-Fleming Institute and St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2. Jan. 24."
Anorganisch-Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
Present address: Kaken Kagaku Kenkyusho, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo."
r Meteorologie und Geophysik, University, Graz. Feb. 24."
"Bureau International des Poids et Mesures, Pavilion de Breteuil, S&
"University College, London, W.C.1. July 12."
"Risedale, Bussage, Stroud, Glos. March 16."
"MRC Virology Unit, University of Glasgow, Glasgow"
"Chemistry Department, Royal Technical College, Glasgow.Botany Department, University, Glasgow. July 27."
"Arthur Guinness Son and Co. (Park Royal), Ltd., Laboratory, Park Royal Brewery, London, N.W.10. Nov. 11."
r Biologie, T&
r Physiologische Chemie, Abteilung Zellbiochemie, Universit&auml
"Physics Department, University of Stockholm. April 24."
"Institut de Microbiologie, B&
"Zagreb, Kvaternikov trg 3.&
 Velazquez 138 Madrid 6."
On study leave from Ein-Shams University, Cairo."
Fellow of the Norwegian Cancer Society, Oslo."
"Department of Pharmacology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff."
"King''s College of Household and Social Science, London, W.8. July 10."
Abteilung Chemie der Ruhr&
"Department of Pharmacology, University Medical School&
"Physics Laboratory, London Hospital Research Laboratories, Ashfield Street, London, E.1."
"Physikalisch-Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Vitamin Institute and Institute for Research in Organic Chemistry, University of Stockholm. Feb. 20."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2.Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1. Jan. 8."
, Universit&agrave
"Department of Biological Chemistry, School of Medicine, University of Kumamoto, Kumamoto."
"Department of Geophysics &amp
 Division of Hematology-Oncology, Department of Medicine, and &
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Nov. 11."
Department of Pediatrics, Elmhurst General Hospital."
Department of Surgery, Brigham and Women''s Hospital&
"Nature Conservancy, Merlewood Research Station, Grange-over-Sands. Nov. 2."
"N.V. Philips-Roxane Chemical Research Laboratory, Weesp.Agrobiological Laboratory &
Department of Zoophysiology, University of Aarhus, Aarhus&
WB Biochemie, Sektion Biowissenschaften, Martin-Luther-Universit&auml
56 Tewin Road, Welwyn Garden City."
Biology Division, Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Bombay."
"Medical Research Council, Cyclotron Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
s&
"Glasshouse Research Department, National Institute of Agricultural Engineering, Wrest Park, Silsoe, Beds."
 Astronomical Institute &
"Nuffield Department of Orthop&
"National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, U.S. Public Health Service, Bethesda, Md."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London, W.C.1. Nov. 23."
"Road Research Laboratory, Harmondsworth, Middlesex."
ontologie der Universit&auml
"All-Union Crop Husbandry Research Institute, 44 Herzen Street, Leningrad, 1."
Senior Assistant Surgeon, Federal Security Agency, United States Public Health Service."
"Biophysics Research Unit, University College, London. Aug. 25."
"Institute of Biological Chemistry, University of Naples."
Fellow of the World Health Organization."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, London W.12.&
ttingen, 37075 G&
Biophysics and the &
rdoba, C. Correo 495,5000 C&
"Institute of Child Health, University of London."
"Department of Zoology, Wilson College, Bombay 7.&
"Portsmouth and Isle of Wight Area Pathological Service, Milton Road, Portsmouth."
Present Address: Institute of Geological Sciences, Global Seismology Unit, 6 South Oswald Road, Edinburgh."
 Present  address:  Max-Planck-Institut  f&
International Agency for Research on Cancer, 16 Avenue Mar&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. April 5."
mica, Facultad de Farmacia, Madrid."
"Clinical Pharmacology Division, Medical Professorial Unit,Department of Pharmacology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London.Department of Statistics, Research and Development Division, Smith, Kline and French Laboratories, Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
"Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London, W.6."
"Department of Pharmacology, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm, 51. March 10."
 Pathology and   &
"Department of Biochemistry, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, University of London, London, W.2."
timent 209 D, Universit&
ne-Poulenc, &agrave
"National Standards Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. Sept. 10."
"Department of Neurophysiology and Vision Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Institute of Ophthalmology, London.&
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, W.12.&
Genetics, and &
"Department of Poultry Research, Wye College, Ashford, Kent.Institut f&
"The Wistar Institute, 36th Street at Spruce, Philadelphia, Pa."
nchen and I. Physiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, Strand, London WC2."
"Departments of  &
"P&
"Nutrition Chemistry Department, National Agricultural Advisory Service, Olantigh Road, Wye, Kent."
"Torry Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Aberdeen."
Selby Fellow: Permanent address: Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston."
"Department of Embryology, Institute of Experimental Medicine, Kirovski prosp. 69/71.Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, First Medical Institute, Ul. Lva Tolstogo 6&
Laboratoire de Genetique de la Transplantation Humaine (Inserm U93), Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
"Fysiska Institutionen, Uppsala. May 21."
Laboratory of Neuropsychology, and &
tique Cellulaire du Coll&
"Zoology Department, King''s College, London. April 16."
"Torry Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Aberdeen.&
, Velazquez 138, Madrid, 6."
"Ferranti Ltd., Hollinwood, Lancs."
"Departments of Pharmacology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine and School of Pharmacy, University of London."
"Zenith Radio Corporation, Chicago 39. Aug. 19."
Department of Vegetable Crops and &
"Swedish Detonic Research Foundation, Vinterviken, Stockholm."
Sutton Institute of Pathology, and Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
"Clinical Research Institute and Universite de Montr&
Quaternary Research Center and Department of Geological Sciences,&
dics, Stanmore, Middlesex."
"University College, London"
"Dept. of Coal Gas and Fuel Industries with Metallurgy, University, Leeds. Feb. 25."
"Comisi&
Present address Department of Biophysics and Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo"
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berks."
 Geofizika, VI. Lenin-blvd. 82. III. 6a., Budapest."
"Laboratoire de Recherches d''Enzymologie, Clinique et Experimentale and Centre de Recherches d''Hepatologie, Institut National d''Hygi&
"Laboratories for Reproductive Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Limited, Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead, Berks. July 6."
"Institut d'' A&
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Board, Pretoria."
Grant-aided by the Development Fund."
"Department of Forensic Medicine.&
Section of Neuroanatomy and &
t, Gottingen."
"Collip Medical Research Laboratory, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario."
  Pathology,&
"Department of Pharmacology, Sandoz, Ltd., Basle. Aug. 5."
"Plant Physiology Laboratory, Institute of Agronomy, Agricultural Research Station, Rehovot. Jan. 12."
Anglo&
 Centre d''lmmunologie et de Biologic Parasitaire, Unit&
"W. Darlington and Sons, Ltd., Worthing, Sussex.Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
 R. Williamson&
"Research Department, Bacteriology Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Oakfields Road, West Bridgford, Nottingham. Feb. 20."
"21 Carston Close, London, S.E.12."
Present address: Laboratory of Physiology, University of Leuven, Campus Gasthuisberg, O &amp
Present address: Department of Pharmacology, King''s College, London."
Service de Microbiologie, Facult&
"US Environmental Protection Agency, National Environmental Research Center&
 Pulmonary Research Division, Charing Cross &amp
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, C.1."
Max-Planck-lnstitut-f&
 Centre National de Coordination et de Planification de la Recherch&
"Institute of Genetics, University of Naples. June 21."
Department of Human Genetics, &
Present address: National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Haematology Research Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital, Paddington, W2."
"Chemistry Department, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1."
"Department of Cancer Research, The London Hospital Research Laboratories, Ashfield Street, London, E.1.&
"Royal Edinburgh Hospital, Morningside Park, Edinburgh, and MRC Unit for Research in Brain Metabolism, Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh Medical School, Edinburgh."
t Hannover, Herrenh&auml
"Institute of Organic Chemistry, University of Budapest.Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Budapest. April 6."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, The Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1."
"European Research Associates, 95 rue Gatti de Gamond, Brussels. May 29."
"Science Service Laboratory, University Sub-Post Office, London, Ontario. Dec. 23."
"Andhra University, Visakhapatnam 3."
"Gas Dynamics Laboratory, Division of Mechanical Engineering, National Research Council, Ottawa."
"Ciba Research Laboratories, Basle. March 8."
"Department of Medicine, University, Liverpool. April 1."
Neurobiologie des Comportements, Unit&
niel-ut 40, Budapest, XII."
 Cell Biology, &
"Department of Physics, University of Delhi."
pele, Nov&
r Radioastronomie 53 Bonn 1, Auf dem H&
"Department of Biology, Occidental College, Los Angeles."
tale, Facult&
"Division of Cancer Research, University of Z&
"Institute of Geological Sciences, 5 Princes Gate, London SW7.Institute of Geological Sciences, Ring Road Halton, Leeds."
"Molecular Biophysics Unit, Unilever Research Laboratory, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts."
"Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Berks. Aug. 5."
Present address
"Tokyo Astronomical Observatory, University of Tokyo."
"Department of Hop Research, Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent."
"Institute for Theoretical and Physical Chemistry, University, Graz. Aug. 16."
Present address: Zentrum f&
"Department of Anatomy, University of St. Andrews, Queen''s College, Dundee."
Present address: Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo."
 Towhom correspondence should be addressed"
Supported by Colgate University and a grant from the U.S. National Science Foundation."
"Bacteriology Division, Science Service, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. Aug. 12."
netique et de Biologie Mol&
Service de Pneumologie, H&
"Science Department Birkenhead Technical college, Borough Road Birkenhead."
teborg. June 3."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Jan. 27."
"Department of Physiology, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 26."
Polfer&
"Research Institute for Scientific Measurement, Sendai. Jan. 19."
 Transg&
"Departments of Internal Medicine&
"Department of Biophysics, University College, University of London.&
, Welwyn, Herts. Nov. 30."
Archaeological Service of Ioannina"
"Canine Research Station of the Animal Health Trust, Kennett, Newmarket. Sept. 30."
"Department of Bacteriology, Edinburgh School of Agriculture, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9."
Faculty of Medicine, 14.049 Ribeir&
"Municipal Hospital, P&
 Research, Ltd., Woodstock Agricultural Research Centre, Sittingbourne, Kent. Feb. 2."
"Department of Textile Industries, Bradford Institute of Technology, Bradford, 7.Bradford Royal Infirmary."
"Hill Farming Research Organization, 48 Palmerston Place, Edinburgh."
"Astronomy Group, Department of Physics, Queen''s University at Kingston, Ontario"
"Physiological Laboratory, University of Basle. Aug. 26."
 l''Universit&
"Institute of Astronomy, Eidgen&
"Division of Building Research, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Feb. 7."
Fundaci&
"External Scientific Staff, Medical Research Council, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12.&
"Department of Agriculture, Ukiriguru, P.O. Fela, Lake Province, Tanganyika. Dec. 4."
t zu K&
"Division of Inorganic and Metallic Structure, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex"
"Division of Inorganic and Metallic Structure, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex&
tedra de Bioqu&
"Department of Bacteriology, The University, Glasgow, W.2. March 2."
t, Frankfurt-am-Main.Zoologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Biophysics Department, University College, London, W.C.1. May 16."
t, Jena."
"Biozentrum der Universit&auml
"Department of Technology, Courtauld Institute of Art, University of London, 20 Portman Square, London, W.1. Oct. 22."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Nov. 4."
ICA participant from the University of Athens."
ln, Weyertal 121, D-5000 K&
Laboratory of Chemical Biodynamics."
"Anatomy Department, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, W.C.2. Nov. 27."
Istituto di Astronomia, dell''Universit&agrave
 Chicoutimi, Chicoutimi, Qu&
tsklinik, Frankfurt-am-Main."
"Abteilung Immunologie, Institut f&
Departments of Chemistry and Materials Science &amp
"Institute of Experimental Medicine, National Health Service, Av. Irarr&
"West African Fisheries Research Institute, Freetown. Dec. 6."
"Department of Botany, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1."
"Division of Parasitology,Clinical Research Centre Laboratories,Division of Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London."
Rokitnica. July 8."
"Canadian Red Cross Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead. April 10."
"Physics Department, S.V. University, Tirupati. Dec. 20."
"Medical University Clinic, Zurich. Oct. 3."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow, W.2. July 25."
"Royal Observatory, Edinburgh."
"Operational Research Unit, Far East, G.H.Q., FARELF. March 21."
"Histology Department, Medicine Hat General Hospital, Alberta.&
"Department of Agricultural Bacteriology, Macdonald College, Quebec. Jan. 27."
"Nordisk Insulinlaboratorium, Copenhagen, Gentofte. Chemical Department, Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen, Valby. April 29."
"Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, University of London, London, W.C.2."
s University, Budapest."
rimentale, D&
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. May 9."
"Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Sept. 27."
l und Organische Geochemie, Postfach 1913, D-5170 J&
"Birkbeck College Crystallography Laboratory, University of London, London, W.C.1."
"Blood Transfusion Centre and Laboratory of Medical Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, Lyon."
Comisaria de Protecci&
nica, Facultad de Ciencias Exactas, F&
ntgenfeinstrukturforschung der &
"The Biological Laboratories, The Polytechnic, Regent Street, London, W.1."
"Swedish Water and Air Pollution Research Laboratory, Drottning Kristinas v&auml
au, B.P. 311, 92506 Rueil-Malmaison C&
"Department of Botany, University of Allahabad. Jan. 31."
tique Mol&
"Virology Departments, U.S. Army&
"National Institute of Genetics, Mishima, Shizuoka-ken, 411"
"Chemical Laboratory, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. June 28."
"Centre de Recherches Allergiques et Immunologiques, H&
"State Serum Institute, Copenhagen. June 9."
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Colaba, Bombay-5."
"Department of Physiology, Veterinary College, Brno."
"Department of Pharmaceutics, Banaras Hindu University, Banaras."
 Agaram Road, Tambaram, Madras."
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn, Herts. Sept. 9."
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen. May 30."
 Department of Surgery, North Shore University Hospital&
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, University of London. Nov. 11."
Laboratoire d''astronomie Spatiale&
"Department of Geology, Andhra University, Waltair, A.P."
teborg, and Anatomisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Institute of General Physiology, Milan."
ln, D-5000 K&
"Zoology Department, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. July 1."
Genetics and Pediatrics and &
CSIRO Division of Oceanography,and&
"Department of Physics, The University, Leeds 2.Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and &
a, y Miner&
"Radioisotope Unit, Veterans Administration Hospital, Philadelphia, Penn. May 1."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Aug. 22."
ge. Jan. 15."
Present address: School of Pharmacy, Technical College, Sunderland."
James Hudson Brown Memorial Postdoctora Fellow.&
"Laboratoires de Recherches de la Soci&
"The Marine Station, Millport. May 7."
Solid State Division, AERE, Harwell.&
"Medical Research Council Spectrographic Unit, London Hospital, London, E.1.Department of Pathology (H&
"Laboratorio de Fisiologia, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad Cat&
"Division of Microbiology, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
tabolisme Mol&
"Laboratory of Cell Physiology and Department of Histology, Faculty of Medicine, University of S&
"General Medical Research, Veterans Administration Hospital, San Francisco."
Immunobiology and &
Physiology and Pharmacology Research Unit&
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. Dec. 22."
 Pharmacology, and &
"The British Ceramic Research Association, Queens Road, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent. March 27."
Research Training Fellow, International Agency for Research on Cancer, WHO."
"Physics Branch, Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham, near Swindon."
to, Ribeir&
t Karlsruhe and Kernforschungszentrum Karlsruhe, Institut f&
"St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1.Royal Free Hospital, London, W.C.1."
 Psychology and &
"Research Laboratory, British Industrial Sand, Ltd., Holmethorpe, Redhill, Surrey. Jan. 6."
m, Par&
dicale U36, 17 rue du Fer &agrave
"I. und II. Chemisches Laboratorium der Universit&auml
"Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Melbourne."
Geophysical Institute, Sec. C, All&
"East Mailing Research Station, Maidstone, Kent. Jan. 25."
"Royal Dutch/Shell Laboratory, Amsterdam. Feb. 20."
"Institute of Biological Chemistry, Medical School, University of Naples."
"Department of Zoology, University of Western Ontario. March 19."
"Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
 Laboratoire de Thrombose Exp&
"Instytut Paleobiologii, Polska Akademia Nauk, Aleja Zwirki i Wigury 93, 02&
"Ditton Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Larkfield, Maidstone."
"British Iron and Steel Research Laboratories, 140 Battersea Park Road, London, S.W.ll."
Department of Molecular Genetics, Smith Kline &amp
"Bencard Allergy Research Unit, Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Betchworth, Surrey."
Observatoire de Nice, Laboratoire associ&
"Division of Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. June 18."
Division of Mineral Chemistry, CSIRO, Port Melbourne, Victoria&
r Virologie, and &
"Crystallography Group, Institute of Medical Biochemistry, University of G&
partement de Radiobiologie, CEN&
"Garvan Institute of Medical Research, St Vincent''s Hospital, Sydney 2010"
"National Animal Experiment Station, Uppsala 7. June 29."
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Council, Ottawa. April 9.&
rimentale, Institut de Recherches sur les leuc&
 di Milano. Dec. 1."
"Sir Howard Grubb, Parsons and Co., Ltd., Optical Works, Walkergate, Newcastle upon Tyne 6."
"Biochemical Laboratory, Institute Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro. Feb. 10"
"17 Calderstones Avenue, Liverpool, 18."
mica, ETS Ingenieros Agr&
Established Investigator of the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation."
ge. Sept. 6.&
"Chemical Research Laboratory, (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research). Teddington, Middlesex. May 2."
"Pharmaceuticals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Alderley Park, Macclesfield."
Present address: Ave. Santiago No. 2601, M&
Present address: Department of Chemistry and Biology, The Polytechnic, Regent Street, London, W.1.&
 Molecular Physiology and Biophysics and &
Laboratoire de Physique des Solides, B&
"Botanical Institute, Groningen. July 20."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Ibadan."
tique M&
"Marine Laboratory, Aberdeen"
"Pioneering Research Division, Quartermaster Research and Engineering Center, U.S. Army, Natick, Mass."
t&
"Histological Department, University of Uppsala. March 6."
"Istituto di Farmacologia Sperimentale e Terapia dell'' Universit&agrave
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Edinburgh."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. Sept. 5."
Present address: Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute for Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3.&
"134 Mortimer Road, South Shields, Co. Durham. Jan. 11."
"Departments of Biochemistry and Bacteriology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Dec. 4."
"Department of Geology, University of St. Andrews. August 3."
"Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2. Nov. 9."
"Department of Medicinal ChemistryDepartment of Pharmacology, Recordati, Laboratorio Farmacologico S.p.A., Milano."
"Department of Agriculture, Microbiology Laboratory, Annamalai University, Annamalainagar, Madras."
"Departments of Anatomy &amp
"Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Berkshire, and Agricultural Research Council Radiobiological Laboratory, Letcombe, Berkshire,"
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest. Nov. 29."
r Biologie 2, Sch&auml
"Department of Applied Biological Sciences and&
"Department of Biological Chemistry, Hahnemann Medical College, Philadelphia."
"Department of Biochemistry, College of Medicine and Dentistry, New Jersey-Rutgers Medical School, Piscataway, New Jersey 08854"
 libre de Bruxelles, Rhode St Gen&
"Istituto di Chimica Generale del Politecnico di Milano. March 20."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Departments of Biology and &
Predoctoral Fellow of the U.S. Public Health Service. Present address: Max-Planck-Institut f&
 Second Department of Internal Medicine and &
Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"Royal Botanic Garden, Edinburgh."
12241
"Physikalisch-Chemisches Institut, Universit&auml
"U.S. Army Electronics Research and Development Laboratory, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey."
Heinrich-Pette-Institut f&
"Department of Chemistry and Biology, The Harris College, Preston."
"Department of Zoology, University College, London, and the Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, London. June 29."
"Food and Drug Directorate, Department of Health and Welfare, Ottawa"
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, 1 Princes Gate, London, S.W.7."
Max-Planck Institute of Experimental Medicine, D-3400 G&
Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Edinburgh.&
"Laboratory of Pathophysiology of the Nervous System, University of Brussels."
"The British Gelatine and Glue Research Association, 2a Dalmeny Avenue, Holloway, London, N.7. March 27."
"Department of Applied Mathematics and Mathematical Physics, University College, Cardiff"
t, Graz. May 24."
"Physics Department, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London. May 27."
"Standards Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington."
"Space Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough."
Present address: Unilever Research Laboratories, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedfordshire."
INSERM U358, H&
"Department of Physics, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1."
"Regional Department of Clinical Physics and Bio-engineering, Western Regional Hospital Board, 11 West Graham Street, Glasgow C4."
Present address: Division of Microbiology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7.&
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Medical Academy, Cracow. June 19."
Departmentof Cell Biology and Anatomy, and&
"Department of Biochemistry, The London Hospital Medical College, London E1 2AD"
"Department of Pathology, University Medical Buildings, Foresterhill, Aberdeen, and Chester Beatty Research Institute (Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital), Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
Farmitalia&
CERGA, Laboratoire associ&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London WC2."
"The Metabolism Branch&
Permanent address: Edward Davies Chemical Laboratory, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
Imperial College, London SW7"
"Blood Transfusion Centre, Swiss Red Cross, Hirschengraben 60, Zurich."
"Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh Medical School, Teviot Place, Edinburgh."
"Institute of Zoology, University of Genoa."
"Department of Clinical H&
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden. Jan. 22."
Institute of Medical Biology, University of Troms&
r Experimentelle Medizin, Abteilung Molekulare Biologie, 34 G&
"Birkbeck College Research Laboratory, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1. April 28."
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, University of London. Dec. 11."
Cattedra di Immunologia Clinica e Allergologia, Universit&agrave
 Department of Molecular Cell Biology, &
ines (Unit&
LERS-Synth&
 de Recherches sur lesHandicaps G&
"Nussdorferstrasse 6/II/13, Vienna, 9.&
decine."
Former member of the scientific staff of the Medical Research Council."
"Department of Physics, University, Sheffield 10. Jan. 11."
"Lowell Technological Institute, Lowell, Mass."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
Christopher Ingold Laboratories, Department of Chemistry, University College, London, 20 Gordon Street, London WC1&
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm.Institute of Radiophysics, Karolinska sjukhuset, Stockholm."
Service de Physique des Solides et R&
Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory.&
"Department of Chemistry, Birkbeck College, University of London, Malet Street, London, W.C.1."
"Institute of Epidemiology and Preventive Medicine, Prince Henry Hospital, Sydney. May 22.&
"Departments of Neuroscience, Pharmacology and Molecular Sciences, Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, and &
Departments of Chemistry&
"Biology Department, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow."
"Crystallography Laboratory, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London.Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield."
dy 40/V, Czechoslovakia."
cken, FB 12.1, Bau 2, D-6600 Saarbr&
 Laboratory of Molecular Immunology, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and &
"Department of Psychology, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow."
fica y Tecnol&
"Department of Zoology, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth"
 Max-Planck-Institut f&
Laboratoire des Prot&
"Applied Heat Transfer Division, National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride."
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Nov. 1."
matologie nutritionnelle, 45045 Orl&
"Department of Anatomy/Cytology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire."
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead
"Physiologisches Institut der Freien Universit&auml
Departments of Medicine (Cardiology) and Biochemistry, &
"Radio Physics and Electronics Laboratory, Andhra University, Waltair."
"MRC Mutagenesis Unit, Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh."
Departmentof Chemistry and &
"Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3. July 29."
lica do Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, 22453&
"Veterinary Laboratory, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey. May 11."
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 9."
"Research Department, British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool, Mon. October 13."
"Physics Department, Andhra University, Waltair. Jan. 8."
"Physical Laboratory, National Defence Research Council, The Hague. May 12."
"Broken Hill Proprietary Oil and Gas Division, 140 William Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000"
Present address: Department of Neurochemistry, Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London WC1N 3BG."
Present address: The Nature Conservancy, Merlewood Research Station, Grange-over-Sands, Lancashire."
"Research Institute of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, London, S.W.7. April 23.&
a y Embriolog&
xico, 04510 DF, M&
"Department of Pathophysiology, Research Institute for Plant Protection, Budapest 2, Herman O. Str. 15"
 Department of Physiology, &
"Institute of Microbiology, University of Medicine, Budapest."
"Notre Dame, Glasgow. July 7."
"N.S.W. Department of Agriculture, Sydney. Dec. 31."
Investigator, Howard Hughes Medical Institute."
r Immunbiologie, Freiburg-Z&auml
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. Sept. 24."
t Berlin, Berlin-Lichterfelde-West, Potsdamer Str. 11."
dic Hospital, Stanmore, Middlesex."
Montedison Company, &
National Institute of Haematology and Blood Transfusion, Budapest&
"International Radio Consultative Committee, Geneva."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire&
"C. A. Parsons and Co., Ltd., Newcastle upon Tyne, 6."
"Fisheries Development and Research Unit, Freetown. Dec. 31."
"Government Communications Headquarters, Cheltenham."
xico, 04510 M&
 di Medicina e Chirurgia dell'' Universit&agrave
"Nuffield Gerontological Research Unit, Department of Medicine, The University, Leeds 2.Department of Textile Industries, Technical College, Bradford.Royal Infirmary, Bradford.&
Working on behalf of the Medical Research Council."
"Department of Physical Chemistry, Universit&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Nijmegen, Kapittelweg 40, Nijmegen."
Geosciences, and &
Present address: Department of Pathology, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne.&
11ers All&
"Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Mass. June 11."
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Surrey."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Oct. 16."
"Animal Health Research Centre, Entebbe. March 17."
 Present address
"Max-Planck Institute of Biophysical Chemistry, Department of Molecular Cell Biology D-3400 G&
"Department of Statistics, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technologv, London, S.W.7.&
Crop Protection and &
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. July 29."
"Harmon Park Clinic Research Laboratory, Williston, North Dakota.&
"50 Wensleydale Road, Hampton, Middlesex."
"Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow. Nov. 15."
Unit of Physiopathology of Secretion and &
 R. A. Doherty, R. Polakowska, C. Hyser &amp
"Department of Livestock Husbandry, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
rzburg, 8700 W&
aires, Belgique."
rperphysik ETH, 8093 Z&
 Research Centre Petrofina Group, 98&
 Molecular Neurobiology Laboratory, Veterans Administration Medical Center, and &
Operated by Union Carbide Nuclear Co. for the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission."
"Departments of Physiology and Anatomy, University of Li&
 de Bruxelles, et Laboratoire de M&
Research Fellow in Medicine 1958&
M
"Analytical Chemistry Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Nov. 18."
The Medical Research Council Genetics Group, The deBelle Laboratory for Biochemical Genetics, Montreal Children''s Hospital&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork. Aug. 28."
"Falcon Cottage, Fawke Common, Sevenoaks, Kent. Dec. 14."
ICRF ClareHall Laboratories, Blanche Lane, South Mimms, Herts EN6 3LD,UK&
"Laboratoire de Pathologie G&
"Central de Investigaciones, Ministerio de Salud P&
Stagiaire Euratom.&
"Department of Physiology, University of North Carolina, School of Medicine, Chapel Hill."
"Geophysical Institute, Tokyo University, Tokyo. Sept. 8."
 Mount Wilson &amp
"Department of Molecular Oncology and &
"Department of Pharmacology, Harvard Medical School and Division of Cell Growth and Regulation, Dana&
 Department of Immunology, Toronto Western Hospital
"Special Unit for Juvenile Rheumatism, Canadian Red Cross Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berks. Jan. 29."
anologique de Bretagne, BP 337, 29273 Brest&
Nuclear Physics Division, AERE Harwell, Berkshire.&
"Department of Anatomy, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, Cleveland Street, London W1P 6DB"
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory (N.E. Area), Haddon Lodge, Rutland Drive, Harrogate, Yorkshire. Aug. 25."
t, Basel. May 25."
"P.O. Box 8067, Causeway, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia.&
"Laboratory of Plant Physiology, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburg, 1 George Square, Edinburgh EH8 9JZ"
"The Second Department of Internal Medicine and &
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Group Pathology Laboratory, General Hospital, Southampton.Biochemistry Department, Royal Air Force Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hampshire."
 Laboratoire de G&
"Department of Medicine, Royal Free Hospital, London WC1."
Laboratory of Biochemical Pharmacology, National Institute of Arthritis, Diabetes and Digestive &amp
"Department of Medicine, Royal Free Hospital, London WC1.&
Departments of Pediatrics,&
"Centro Studi Nucleari Enrico Fermi, Politecnico, Milano.Facolt&agrave
"Department of Physics, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario.&
Formerly A. Hirsch."
Pharmaceutical Research Department, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
"C. L. Bencard Allergy Research Unit, Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Betchworth, Surrey. Sept. 28."
"Colombo, Ceylon. Sept. 28."
Lamont&
"National Standards Laboratory, University Grounds, Sydney. Oct. 16."
"1180 Bruxelles, Avenue Lat&
timent des prot&
Materials and Molecular Simulation Center, Beckman Institute, 139&
"Tropical Pesticides Research Institute, P.O. Box 3024, Arusha, Tanganyika."
rzburg, D-8700 W&
"Portsmouth and Isle of Wight Pathological Service, Central Laboratory, Milton Road, Portsmouth. August 8."
 Institute de F&
 Research Ltd., Thornton Research Centre, P.O. Box 1, Chester."
"Psychology Department, Rampton Hospital, Retford, Notts.&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London.MRC Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London."
"Department of Genetics, University of Glasgow, and National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7."
"Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. May 17."
"Colaba Observatory, Bombay."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at Purdue University"
"Tata Institute, Bombay 5"
"Whatman Laboratory, W. and R. Balston, Ltd., Maidstone. Aug. 7."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University College, London. Aug. 27."
"Istituto di Zoologia e Anatomia comparata, Universita di Padova. June 13."
"Katedra Fizyki, Wy&
"School of Pharmacy, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3."
"Wireless Laboratory, Department of Physics, Banaras Hindu University. Oct. 12."
"Chemical Physics Group of the National Chemical and Physical Research Laboratories, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria."
E. O. Hulburt Center for Space Research, and University of Tel-Aviv"
"C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, Division of Textile Physics, Ryde, Sydney."
"Mullard Space Science Laboratory, Department of Physics, University College, London."
"Department of Physiological Optics, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical Schol, London, W.C.1. Oct. 12."
"Department of Chemistry, Panjab University, Hoshiarpur. July 9."
"Hillside House, Kilmun, Argyll. Aug. 29."
Department of Materials Science and Engineering,&
"Department of Phonetics, University College, London, W.C.1."
"National Herbarium, South Yarra, Victoria. Feb. 2."
On leave from the University of Stockholm."
"Meteorological Office, London Road, Bracknell."
"Photoconversion Research Branch and &
"Section de G&
Institute of Palaeobiology, Polish Academy of Sciences, al. &
Program Resources Inc.and &
Postdoctoral research fellow, U.S. Public Health Service, National Institutes of Health."
"Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College, London."
"Phosphors and Photoconductor Section, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Central Research Laboratory, Rugby."
ophysique de TEnvironnement, BP 96 38402, St Martin d''H&
"Universities Federation for Animal Welfare, 7a Lamb''s Conduit Passage, London, W.C.1."
lningsbiologiska Institutionen, Stockholms Universitet, Stockholm."
Immunology&
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, &
dimentologie et G&
Central Microbiological Laboratory of Stockholm County Council, Department of Immunology, National Bacteriological Laboratory, Stockholm&
Gallo Center Bldg 1, Rm 101, &
Department of Microbiology and Immunology, &
Departments of  Biochemistry &
Institut de Physique du Globe, Laboratoire de Tectonique et M&
r Biologie III der Universit&auml
"Grimm''s Hill Lodge, Great Missenden, Bucks."
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College (University of London), Campden Hill Road, London, W.8."
"Rutherford High Energy Laboratory, National Institute for Research in Nuclear Science, Chilton, Didcot, Berks."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at: Cardiovascular Research Institute, 1315&
KFA-J&
"Laboratoire de Cristallographie Biologique, Institut de Biologie Mol&
"The Psychiatric Research Centre St. J&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Feb. 14."
ti 2, Czechoslovakia."
"Clemson College, Clemson, South Carolina."
"The Government Analyst''s Laboratory, Salisbury, Rhodesia, Nyasaland."
"Department of Physics, Ume&
"Medizinisch-Chemisches Institut und Kinderklinik der Universit&auml
"Dove Marine Laboratory, Cullercoats, Northumberland"
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 22."
Recipient of a U.S. National Institutes of Health career development award."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Dec. 28."
"Universitetets Fysisk-Kemiske Institut, Copenhagen. Sept. 2."
"National Coal Board, Central Research Establishment 1, Stoke Orchard, Glos. Oct. 8."
Istituto Fisico, Universit&agrave
r Radiumforschung und Kernphysik, &
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Dec. 5."
"Institute of Nuclear Studies, University of Li&
National Institutes of Health Postdoctoral trainee."
"Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7 2BP."
"Division of Health Physics, Tokyo Metropolitan Isotope Centre, Tokyo.Department of Physiological Chemistry and Nutrition, University of Tokyo."
Department of Pharmacological and Physiological Sciences&
"Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College, University of London. Feb. 21."
matology), Postgraduate Medical School, University of London, London, W.12."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. Nov. 22.&
Central Research and Development, Materials Science and Development Laboratory, and &
chtungsforschung, Carl-von-Linn&
"MRC Radiological Research Unit, Harwell, Berkshire."
Osservatorio Astronomico di Bologna, Unit&agrave
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 21."
"Botanical Institute, Technical University, Brno."
"Electronic Tubes, Ltd., Loudwater, High Wycombe, Bucks. Jan. 11."
Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit te Leuven, Celestijnenlaan 200D, B-3030 Heverlee&
 Molecular Genetics and&
"Ministry of Agriculture Veterinary Laboratory, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey. Jan. 14."
Department of Medicine, Good Hope General Hospital, Sutton Coldfield, Warwickshire"
Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Fellow."
"East Malling Research Station, Kent. Aug. 27."
Luigi Devoto&
D.R.F.-C.P.N., Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Laboratory of General Physiology and Laboratory of Physiology of Nutrition, I. P. Pavlov Institute of Physiology, Academy of Sciences, U.S.S.R., Leningrad."
"Department of Physics, University College of Wales, Penglais, Aberystwyth."
gica de Do&
"Departments of Zoology and Biochemistry, University, Sheffield 10. Nov. 17."
"Biochemistry Division, Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Island Street, Nottingham. July 27."
mes Biologiques Int&
"Department of Oceanography, The University, PO Box 147, Liverpool L69 3BX"
The 2nd Department of Internal Medicine, and&
"Laboratory of Neurophysiology, Universidad Cat&
Address for reprints from A.R.P."
"Department of Pathology, The University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow, W.1. Aug. 26."
"Histology Department, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. June 11."
 Division of Neurogenetics, New England Regional Primate Research Center, Harvard Medical School, &
"Unit of Experimental Medicine, International Institute of Cellular and Molecular Pathology, and Universit&
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Ministry of Power, Sheffield."
Present address: Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow."
Permanent address: Institute of Neurobiology, University of G&
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Orthopaedics, University of London."
"Department of Biomechanics and Surgical Materials, Institute of Orthopaedics (University of London), Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, Stanmore."
"Department of Pharmacology, CMDNJ&
Under Special Fellowship of the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness, U.S. Public Health Service."
"McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales. Dec. 2."
 d''Epid&
matology), Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12. Aug. 12."
Lockheed Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory, Division 91&
 Department of Microbiology, University of Ume&
Royal Greenwich Observatory, Apartado 321, 3870 Santa Cruz de La Palma, Tenerife, Canary Islands&
The Medicine Branch, &
"Norsk Hydro''s Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Montebello, Oslo 3"
"Department of Chemistry, University of Tokyo.Department of Engineering, University of Chiba."
r Biophysik, Forsthausstrasse, 70, Frankfurt."
"Space Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire."
"Department of Botany, University of Glasgow"
Division of Geological and Planetary Science, and &
University Department of Neurology, Institute of Neurological Sciences, Southern General Hospital, Glasgow SW1&
"Department of Genetics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh"
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, London, W.C.1."
"Geography Department, Bedford College, University of London, Regent''s Park, London NW1 4NS"
Institution Scientifique et Technique des P&
"Laboratoire d''H&
ln, Weyertal 121, D5000 K&
Chimie General I, Universit&
 i Desenvolupament (CSIC), C/Jordi Girona 18&
rimentale et Endocrinologie, Coll&
"University of Strathclyde, Glasgow C1.&
MRC Blood Group Unit, The Lister Institute, London SW1."
"W. Struve Astrophysical Observatory, 202444 T&
MRC Radiobiology Unit, Harwell&
Laboratory of Immunology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health &
"Biological Branch, Department of Agriculture, Sydney. July 21."
Department of Organic Chemistry, The H.C. &
"Applied Geophysics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"Applied Geophysics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
rinaires de Farcha, Fort-Lamy, R&
"Endocrinological Institute, &
"Botany Department, University College, London, W.C.1. Feb. 5.&
"Department of Physiology, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill."
sica Biol&
"University Department of Clinical Biochemistry, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Deutsches Wollforschungsinstitut an der Technischen Hochschule, Aachen."
Fellow of the Damon Runyon Memorial Cancer Research Foundation. Permanent address: Istituto di Igiene e Microbiologia, Universit&agrave
"Physiological Laboratory, S.N. Medical College, Agra. Nov. 21."
"Department of Biochemistry and Nutrition, School of Rural Science, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
336 Gray''s Inn Road, London WC1X 8EE"
ttingen, Berliner Str. 28, 34 G&
renciation mol&
"Departments of Surgery and Physiology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Cairo."
Present address: Smith, Kline and French Research Institute, Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
"Immunobiology Unit, Department of Zoology, West Main Road, Edinburgh 9."
rospatiales, Avenue de la Division Leclerc, 29, F-92-Chatillon"
"Food Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Sept. 20."
US Department of Commerce&
"Departmento de Bioqu&
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead."
"Department of Zoology, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1."
Atlantic Oceanographic Laboratory, Bedford Institute, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia"
"Laboratorio Nazionale di Radioastronomia, Istituto di Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Institute of Biochemistry, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest."
 di Milano. Dec. 5.&
"Department of Haematology, Institute of Child Health, The Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1."
"Institut of Human Nutrition, Budjovick&
partement de biochimie, Universit&
"Chemistry Division and &
"King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2. April 21."
"Central Research Station, Mazabuka, Northern Rhodesia.Regional Research Centre, University College of the West Indies, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, West Indies."
"Medical Unit and Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1.&
"Explosives Research and Development Establishment, Ministry of Supply. Oct. 21."
"Central Endocrinological Institute, &
m t&
 Microbiology and Molecular Genetics and of &
chal de Lattre de Tassigny, 94000 Cr&
Molecular Biology Institute &
 Research, Ltd., Tunstall Laboratory, Sittingbourne, Kent."
Present address: Chester Beatty Research Institute, London, S.W.3."
eskoslovensk&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire.Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. May 28."
Chercheurs Agr&
Department of Biochemistry and &
MRC Brain Metabolism Unit, Department of Pharmacology.&
"International Atomic Energy Agency, K&auml
ge. Dec. 28."
"Laboratorio de Psicofarmacologia y Neuropsiquiatria Experimental, Hospital Nacional Neuropsiquiatrico (H), Vieytes 375, Buenos Aires, and C&
"Unidad de Qu&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire. Sept. 16."
"Fakult&auml
"Department of Neurology, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia."
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Liverpool. May 23."
"Department of Oceanography, The University, Southampton SO9 5NH&
Kor&
cology, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London, W.6."
63."
"Department of Radiotherapy, General Hospital, Northampton. Feb. 18."
rio da Agricultura, Rio de Janeiro. July 3."
"Department of Pathology, Derbyshire Royal Infirmary, Derby. March 26."
 State College, San Jos&
e 1a, D 8000 M&
"Physiologisch-chemisches Institut der Humboldt-Universit&auml
"Department of Biochemistry, Albert Einstein Medical Center, Philadelphia, Pa, 19141."
"Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava."
Pharmacology and Molecular Sciences, &
"Department of Botany, University College, Leicester. Aug. 30."
Departments of Pharmacology,&
 To whomcorrespondence should be addressed."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Dec. 13."
 Kyrgyz Institute of Seismology, Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences, Asanabai 52/1, Bishkek 720060, Krygyzstan&
"Technological Irradiation Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Jan. 20."
"Lister Institute, London, S.W.1.&
"Department of Experimental Medicine, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
 Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique
 Marseille-Luminy, Case 907, 13288 Marseille C&
r Biophysik und Strahlenbiologie, Albert-Ludwigs Universit&auml
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Medical College, University of London.Department of Agriculture, Tanganyika. Dec. 12."
"Department of Zoology, Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati, Andhra State.&
Neurology, &
"Department of Botany, Westfield College, London NW3."
Center for Human Genetics and &
"Rijksseruminrichting, Rotterdam. Sept. 12."
"Cancer Research Laboratory, Department of Pathology, University, Sheffield 10. Oct. 24."
"King''s College, University of London, London, W.C.2. Nov. 27."
pital des Enfants Malades,149 rue de S&
"Zoology Department, The University, Exeter."
"Department of Zoology, University of London King''s College."
"Nuffield Research Group in Extraction Metallurgy, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
 para
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sheep Biology Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales."
Present address: Research Unit in Radiobiology, Mt. Vernon Hospital Northwood, Middlesex, England.&
Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad 38 0009&
"Department of Zoology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514."
The Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Roche Research Center, and &
"Division of Biophysics, New England Institute for Medical Research, Ridgefield, Conn."
 School of Biology and Biochemistry, &
"Plant Protection, Ltd., Fernhurst, Haslemere, Surrey."
"Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Fisheries Experiment Station, Conway, North Wales. July 17."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Jan. 14."
"Wellcome Laboratories of Experimental Pathology, Variety Club Research Wing, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
"Wellcome Laboratories of Experimental Pathology, Variety Club Research Wing, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2.&
On leave of absence from the University of Western Ontario."
"Biochemistry Department, University College, London, W.C.1.Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. Nov. 12."
Evangelismos&
"MRC Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London."
Agronomy, &
"Department of Pathology, University Medical Buildings, Foresterhill, Aberdeen AB9 2ZD"
"Radioisotope Service, Veterans Administration Hospital, Bronx, N.Y."
Thyroid and &
Ophthalmology and &
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Mylnefield, Invergowrie by Dundee. Nov. 14."
 de Li&
"National Bacteriological Laboratory, Stockholm, and Rheumatology Department, Karolinska sjukhuset, Stockholm.&
"Institute of Oceanographic Sciences, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey"
"Research Division, Metal Box Co., Ltd., Acton, London, W.3. Nov. 28."
"Isotopes Laboratory, University of St. Andrews, Queen''s College, Dundee."
To whom reprint should be addressed."
, 18 Belvedere Grove, London, S.W.19."
Entomology Division, DSIR, Palmerston North"
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Aug. 24."
"Brenthurst&
"Division of Wood Technology, Forestry Commission of New South Wales, Sydney."
"British Transport Commission, British Railways Division, 222 Marylebone Road, London, N.W.1."
 Present address: Department of Plant &amp
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork.Department of Experimental Medicine, University College, Galway."
"Defence Science Organization, New Delhi. March 20."
 Laboratory of Enzymology and Centre for Protein Engineering,University of Li&
"Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London. Nov. 26."
culaires, UPR271, Universit&
"Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo. June 11."
Center for Neurobiology and Behavior, &
"Department of Biochemistry, Royal Dental Hospital of London, Leicester Square, W.C.2."
"Botany Department, King''s College, London, 68 Half Moon Lane, London, S.E.24."
"University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of Tokyo."
G. Donegani&
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. April 14."
Present address: Cement and Ceramics Section, Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, G.P.O. Box 4331, Melbourne C.1."
 Wacker-Chemitronic GmbH, Postfach 1140, D-8263 Burghausen,FRG"
"Physics Department, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. May 27."
"Laboratoire de Recherches de Biochimie M&
a, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad Nacional de Buenos Aires."
"Geophysical Laboratory, Bengal Engineering College, Howrah. Sept. 2."
"Departamento de Bioqu&
"Moredun Research Institute, Edinburgh."
"Chemistry Department, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. May 25."
Dipartimento di Psicologia, Universita di Roma &
Villejuif."
o Paulo.Department of Physiology, Faculdade de Medicina da U.S.P., S&
"Building Materials Section, Division of Building Research, National Research Council, Ottawa."
s University, Kun B.t&
"Institute of Geological Sciences, Herstmonceux Castle, Sussex"
x0017B
x0017A
x0017E
Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berkshire.&
"Department of Pathology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff. Jan. 10."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh 9. Dec. 28."
 To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Department of Anatomy.&
"US Environmental Protection Agency, Environmental Research Laboratory, Narragansett, Rhode Island 02882"
Section of Virology, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"Department of Pharmacology, University of North Carolina, School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, N.C."
"University of Ceylon, Colombo. Aug. 16."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Tohoku, Sendai."
Center for Visual Science and &
"Department of Biophysics, University of Edinburgh."
o Agron&
"9, Quai de l''Abb&
"Applied Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire"
"Department for Research in Industrial Medicine (Medical Research Council), The London Hospital, London, E.1."
"Research Laboratories British Insulated Callender''s Cables, Ltd., Wood Lane, London, W.12. Nov. 10."
Research career development awardee, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development."
, Facult&
"ARC Unit of Structural Chemistry, Inveresk House, 346 Strand, London WC2."
Radiological Protection Division, AERE, Harwell.&
"Agricultural Research Council Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough, Bucks."
Institut Fran&
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University of Khartoum.&
aire et de Spectrom&
"Division of Human Physiology, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, London, N.W.3. June 28."
 Libre de Bruxelles, Brussels. Jan. 18."
"Meteorological Office, Poona."
Medicine and &
"M.B.T. Research Laboratory Pty., Ltd.,&
"Department of Pathology, Bankstown District Hospital, Sydney, New South Wales."
"Institut de Recherche en Biologie Mol&
"Agronomy Laboratory, College of Agriculture, Banaras Hindu University, Banaras-5. Sept. 24."
"Department of Pharmacology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, E.C.1.Research and Development Division, Smith Kline and French Lab., Ltd., Welwyn Garden City, Herts.&
Deceased October 23, 1969."
t Kiel. June 18."
"Physical Research Department, Nitroglycerin AB., Stockholm."
Present address : Burt, Boulton and Haywood, Ltd., Agricultural Department, Belvedere, Kent."
"Grant Institute of Geology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JW"
Commissariat a I''Energie Atomique, Centre de la Vall&
"Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Box 4331, G.P.O., Melbourne."
"Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, Gothenburg. July 10."
"II. Medizinische Klinik, Universit&auml
 di Medicina e Chirurgia, Universit&agrave
"35 Perth Avenue, East Lindfield, New South Wales."
sseldorf, D&
r Virusforschung, T&
"Chaire de Physiologie II, Facult&
ts- und Gesundheitswesens der Bundeswehr, M&
tique F.A. Janssens, Universit&
"Department of Pharmacological Research, Parke-Davis and Company, Hounslow, Middlesex, England."
Institute of Medical Genetics, and &
teborg, S-400 33 G&
"Radiochemistry and Analytical Chemistry Branches, Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks."
"Institute of Plant Breeding, Fert&
"Division of Applied Chemistry, National Research Council, Ottawa."
 Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics, &
Institute de Ciencia de Materiales de Barcelona, Marti i Franqu&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1. Oct. 26.&
"Clinical Central Laboratory, St. Erik''s Hospital, Stockholm. Nov. 12."
"Biological Branch, Department of Agriculture, Sydney, New South Wales. Aug. 8."
"Institute of Physiology, Section of Physiological Chemistry, The University, Groningen. May 21."
"UK Atomic Energy Authority, Wantage Research Laboratory (AERE), Wantage, Berkshire."
"Centro Studi di Chimica Fisica del C.N.R., Istituto Chimico &
rale, Institut Interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucl&
Department of Physiology, University of G&
"Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, Shrewsbury, Mass. Feb. 20."
cologique, H&
"Abteilung Biophysik, Fachbereich Biologie/Chemie, Universit&auml
phrologie, Centre de Recherche, H&
ologie Dynamique et D&
"Institute of Taxonomic Zoology (Zo&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, King''s Buildings, Edinburgh 9. Nov. 1."
"Pharmacology Department, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1."
 M University"
NSW Department of Agriculture, Yanco, NSW 2703&
"Chemistry Department and Agricultural Research Council Unit on Plant Growth Substances and Systemic Fungicides, Wye College, University of London. May 26."
, Chicago.&
"College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry cum Livestock Research Institute, Mhow (M.P.)."
"Laboratoire de Physique des Gaz et des Plasmas, B&
"Instituto Nacional de Tecnologia, Rio de Janeiro. Nov. 25.&
"Clinique Gyn&
rich, Institut f&
"Sir John Cass College, Aldgate, London, E.C.3. June 14."
ais du P&
 de Recherche Associ&
, from the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas y T&
rio de Arboricultura do Instituto Superior de Agronomia, Tapada da Ajuda, Lisbon. Jan. 23."
Psychobiologie des Comportements Adaptatifs, Unit&
"Powell Duffryn Technical Services, 19 Berkeley Street, London, W.1. Sept. 17."
"Physics Department, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota, Gold Coast.Radar Research Establishment, (Ministry of Supply), Malvern, Worcs."
 Institute, and Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Zagreb, Zagreb.&
"Centre de M&
bingen.&
bingen."
Nuclear Research Centre, Nahal Soreq, Yavne&
"Department of Allergy and Immunochemistry, Royal Victoria Hospital, Montreal 2.&
"Department of Applied Cell and Molecular Biology, University of Ume&
Molecular Biology  and&
"Institut de canc&
ologie structurale, Place Eug&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Exeter. Dec. 30."
Predoctoral Fellow, National Heart Institute.&
"British Empire Cancer Campaign Unit, Agricultural Research Council, Poultry Research Centre, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9."
"Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, W.C.2."
, Louvain."
 Eukaryotic Signal Transduction Group&
t Berlin (Berlin 33), and Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut, Universit&auml
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. March 20."
Now at Dept. of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow."
"Electrical Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Middlesex. Jan. 13."
o Preto, S&
"Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Ditton Laboratory, Larkfield, Maidstone, Kent. Dec. 30."
"Botany Department, University, Delhi. March 1."
"Departamento de Ciencias Biol&
"Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, Philadelphia, Penna.&
"Prairie Regional Laboratory, National Research Council, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan."
 des Sciences d''Orsay, Universit&
"Department of Human Anatomy, University of Ghent. July 14."
r medizinische Forschung, Heidelberg, FGR&
 Departament de F&
 Department of Zoology, University of Lund, Helgonav&auml
"Institute of Experimental Physics, Technical University, Budapest."
"Psychology Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. Nov. 5."
, Home."
Present address: University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales.&
r Genetik and Mikrobiologie, Universit&auml
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. April 23."
"Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield."
Fulbright Visiting Professor on leave from the Institute of Industrial Science, University of Tokyo (permanent address)."
"Ontario Cancer Institute, 500 Sherbourne Street, Toronto. Feb. 13."
Department of Physiology, The Jikei University School of Medicine, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105&
"Service de Chimie-Physique, Bat. 125, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
Of the Medical Research Institute, Korle Bu, Gold Coast.&
n Institute of Microbiology, Madrid. May 26."
cological Clinic, University, P&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks."
National Science Foundation Predoctoral Fellow in Biology."
Department of Fisheries and Forestry, Forest Products Laboratory, Ottawa."
Observatoire Astronomique de Strasbourg, 11, rue de l''Universit&
r Erd&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork. May 29."
"Building Materials Division, Central Building Research Institute, Roorkee, U.P."
dica, Mercedes y Mart&
Department of Geology &amp
r Technische Elektronik, Technische Hochschule, M&
Laboratoire de Physiologie Nerveuse, Department I and II, and &
"Department of Biochemistry, The Tokyo Jikei-kai School of Medicine, Minato-ku, Tokyo."
"Institute of Pathological Anatomy and Institute of Medical Pathology, School of Medicine, University of Naples."
Department of Psychology, Ume&
"Cancer Research Department, Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, Glasgow, C.3. Dec. 15."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 30."
 hospital, Malm&
"Cancer Research Department, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, E.1."
"836 Wake Street, Arvida, Port Qu&
"Nuclear Engineering Laboratory, Queen Mary College, University of London, E.1."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at Harvard Medical School."
mica, Universidade de S&
"Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Abbassia, Cairo. Sept. 25."
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College (University of London), London, W.8."
EMBRAPA-CPATU, CP 48, Bel&
 Immunology,  &
"Research Association of British Flour-Millers, Cereals Research Station, St. Albans. July 7."
"Applied Chemistry Division, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire."
"University of Cairo.Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
ICI Ltd, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
Departments of Physiology &amp
"Medical Research Council, Biophysics Research Unit, Kings''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Feb. 25."
Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire.&
Present address: Department of Bacteriology, University of Sheffield."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Aberystwyth."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Kings Buildings, EdinburghDepartment of Surgical Science, Medical School, University of Edinburgh."
Structural Chemistry&
"Medical Research Council Clinical Endocrinology Research UnitDepartment of Dermatology, University of Edinburgh."
associ&
r Hirnforschung, Frankfurt/Main."
culaire et M&
VarmusLaboratory, Bldg 49, Room 4A56, National Cancer Institute,&
"Department of Physiology, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1."
Leverhulme Colonial Scholar."
Present addresses: Centre for Drug Design &amp
"Esso Research and Engineering Co., Linden, New Jersey."
"Zoologisches Institut der universit&auml
Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow."
 de Parasitologie Exp&
Guest scientist from Space Technology Laboratories
"Lubrication Division, Mechanical Engineering Research Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Thorntonhall, Glasgow. Dec. 10."
"Department of Physiology, University of Edinburgh. Feb. 7."
teborg. Oct. 17."
ral Leclerc, B.P. 25 A, 35031 Rennes C&
r Festk&
"Department of H&
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, Research Division, Christchurch, Hants"
Permanent address: Laboratoire de Spectrom&
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill, London W8."
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London, W.C.1.&
"Advanced Instrumentation Unit, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.G. and E. Bradley, Neasden Lane, N.W.10."
 Libre de Bruxelles, 67, rue des Chevaux, 1640 Rhode-St-Gen&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, St. Salvator''s College, University of St. Andrews. Feb. 18."
Laboratories of Biochemistry, Department of Animal Biology, School of Veterinary Medicine, and &
Applied Geochemistry Research Group, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London&
"Desert Locust Survey, P.O. Box 30023, Nairobi. Aug. 18."
v&auml
"Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdon"
"Department of CellularBiochemistry and Physiology&
sica de la Tierra y del Cosmos,Universidad de Barcelona, and Grup d''Astrof&
 and &
Laboratory of Immunobiology and &
ytisk A/S, Oslo."
"Charles Salt Research Centre, The Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital, Oswestry, Shropshire."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. July 2."
"Overseas Food Corporation, Nachingwea, Tanganyika Territory. Feb. 19."
rich, 8049 Z&
t, Kiel. Jan. 12."
"Pathology Department, University Medical Buildings, Foresterhill, Aberdeen.Division of Parasitology, National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7."
"Physics Department, King''s College Hospital London, S.E.5. Dec. 24.&
"Laboratoire G&
Postdoctoral research trainee (CRT-5040)."
r Physikalische Chemie der Universit&auml
 Pharmacology and Molecular Sciences, &
Institute of Pharmacology, University of Padova, Largo Meneghetti 2, 35100 Padova&
"M.R.C. Clinical Effects of Radiation Research Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh, 4.State Hospital, Carstairs, Lanarkshire."
Senior Research Fellow of U.S. Public Health Service."
gulations des Syst&
"Physical Chemistry Laboratories, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
Formerly K. Hercules.&
, Tambaram East, Madras-59."
"Institute of Chemistry, University of Uppsala. March 16."
"Institutt for Geologi, Blindern, Oslo."
"Psychology Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. Feb. 15."
On leave as a Fulbright Professor from Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, N.Y."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. May 18."
orique, Institut Henri Poincar&
pital Saint-Michel Archange, Qu&
"Ministry of Aviation, Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern, Worcestershire."
"Department of Pharmacology, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2&
"MRC Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, University of London."
"Microbiological Research Establishment, Porton, Nr. Salisbury."
"Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, and &
"Department of Plant Molecular Biology, University of Leiden, &
Fellow of the National Vitamin Foundation."
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey.Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital, Gower Street, London, W.C.I."
tique, Universit&
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics, Queen''s College, Dundee. Jan. 29."
"Department ofGeology and Geophysics, University of Edinburgh, GrantInstitute, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JW,UK&
"Rolls-Royce, Ltd., Old Hall, Littleover, Derby."
"West African Cacao Research Institute, P.O. Box 8, Tafo, Gold Coast. May 7."
"37 Touzin Avenue, Dorval, Quebec.621 Prince Arthur West, Montreal."
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute &amp
"Nicholas Institute for Medical and Veterinary Research, Melbourne. July 31."
"Unit of Insect Physiology, Durham University School of Agriculture, Newcastle upon Tyne ,1."
"Istituto di Patologia Generale dell'' Universit&agrave
 associate clinical professor (radiology), U.C.L.A. Medical School.&
 de Neurobiologie U109, Centre Paul Broca de l''INSERM, 2ter, rue d''Al&
r Geophysik, Westf&auml
tale et Biochimie, Universit&
"The Laboratory, Hayling Ferry, Hayling Island, Hants. May 1."
"Basic Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Central Laboratory T.N.O., Delft. Sept. 9."
 Landesamt f&
Member of the Scientific Staff of the Agricultural Research Council seconded to the Long Ashton Research Station."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Central Veterinary Laboratories, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey."
r Biophysik, Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Poultry Husbandry, South Dakota State College, Brookings. Feb. 25."
 de Strasbourg, Rue Ren&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
r Planetologie, Wilhelm-Klemm-StraBe 10, D-4400 M&
 libre de Bruxelles, Belgique."
 Badley Ashton &amp
"Laboratoire du Phytotron, 91190-Gif-sur-Yvette"
"University Zoology Laboratory, Chepauk, Madras 5."
"Research Department, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Co. Ltd, Basle"
"E.M.I. Electronics, Ltd. Victoria Road, Feltham, Middlesex."
culaire, Facult&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London.Institute of Organic Chemistry, E&
"Department of Neurochemistry and SobellDepartment of Neurophysiology&
 Chemical and Pharmaceutical Works, Budapest."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. July 21."
"Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
Science Department, Bolton Institute of Technology, Bolton, Lancashire&
"290 West End Lane, Hampstead, N.W.6."
gico de Aeron&
Department of Environmental Medicine, Tokyo Metropolitan Research Laboratory of Public Health,&
 M. Lindlof, H. Kaariainen &amp
Molecular Biology and &
Departments of Pharmacology, Urology and Oncology and of &
"Physiological Department, Institute of Occupational Health, Ty&
"Ditton Laboratory (Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Larkfield, Maidstone. March 22."
"Chemistry Division, Franklin Institute Laboratories, Philadelphia."
cole Centrale de Lyon, 39 Avenue Guy de Collongue, BP 163, 69131 Ecully C&
41911
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield.Medical Research Council Trachoma Research Group, The Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1."
"Brenthurst Plastic Surgery Research Unit, Department of Physiology, University of Natal, Medical School, Durban, Natal. May 10."
114 28 Stockholm"
"Ortho&
r Mikrobiologie und Genetik der Universit&auml
Behavioral Technology Consultants"
"Jute Agricultural Research Institute, Hoogly, West Bengal. Sept. 15."
"Department of Biochemistry,&
nale, H&
Department of Anatomy,&
"Departments of Physiology and Biology as Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
 de RechercheAssoci&
Present address: Universit&
"Division of Radiophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. June 23."
Sorby Research Fellow of the Royal Society."
Office National d''&
"Ditton Laboratory (Agricultural Research Council), Larkfield, Maidstone, Kent."
"Biophysics Department, New England Institute for Medical Research, Ridgefield, Conn."
"Metabolism and Radiation Research Laboratory, Entomology Research Division, Agricultural Research Service, Fargo, North Dakota 58102."
Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology,&
Address reprint requests to: 76B, Hardee Lane, Whispering Pines, North Carolina 28389."
ln, Robert Koch Street 39, 5000 K&
Visiting research worker supported by the National Science Foundation."
ge,"
t Freiburg i.Br., Katharinenstr. 29/III. July 3."
Biology Department, Monash Teachers'' College"
"University of Glasgow, Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden, Glasgow."
"38/5 Prabhat Road, Poona. July 21."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Akers Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. June 15."
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London.Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital.&
Laboratory of Cerebral Metabolism, &
 Technische Universit&auml
Laboratory of Immunochemistry, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, and &
"Research Laboratories, Kodak, Ltd., Harrow, Middlesex. March 8."
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Aug. 16."
"Institute of Armament Studies, Poona"
"Istituto di Chimica Industriale dell''Universit&agrave
Department of Biology, and &
"Research Department, Biochemical and Biological Laboratories, Nyegaard and Co., A/S, Oslo. Oct. 2."
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemannstrasse 35/II, D-7400 T&
Alexandra&
To whom correspondence should beaddressed."
To whom correspondence should beaddressed.&
Tumor Biology and &
NEROC&
ochimiques et ENS G&
"Government College of Science, Nagpur."
ln-Marienburg, Ulmenallee 3."
"Laboratoire d''lmmunog&
Institut de Physique du Globe, 5 rue Ren&
 Protein Biochemistry, and &
"Department of Physiology, School for Special Pedagogy, Bethlen-t&
"Materials Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire.Department of Applied Geochemistry, Imperial College, University of London."
 degli Studi, Milan.&
lich GmbH, Postfach 1913, D517 J&
Laboratoire d''Anthropologie Pr&
Department of Neurochemistry andNeuropharmacology, Biomedical Research Centre, &
"Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Whitehall Place, London, S.W.1."
"The Evans Biological Institute, Runcorn."
pital St Eloi, and Laboratoire de Biologie Mal&
"Research Department, British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool, Monmouthshire. Sept. 28."
rsvarets Forskningsanstalt, Stockholm 80. Sept. 22."
"Unilever Research Laboratory, 455 London Road, Isleworth, Middlesex."
"Physics Department, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. March 10."
Service d'' Astrophysique, CEA/DAPNIA/SAp, Centre d''&
"Infestation Control Division, Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Hook Rise, Tolworth, Surrey. Dec. 7."
Present address: BP Chemicals (UK) Ltd, BP Plastics Department, Barry, Glamorganshire."
"Institute of Pathology, Chemical Department, Erfurt Medical Academy, Nordh&auml
lich, D-5170 J&
"Virus Culture Laboratory, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey. Sept. 12."
 di Sassari.Acquario Comunale, Leghorn. Oct. 11.&
ln.Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut, Universit&auml
Present address: Department of Physiology, University College, London.&
Dyson Perrins Laboratory,&
 Research Ltd., Sittingbourne, Kent."
"Western Regional Hospital Board, Glasgow.University of Glasgow,Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, Glasgow. April 3."
r Med. Mikrobiologie de Johannes-Gutenberg- Universit&auml
hrungsphysiologie, Dortmund.&
Medical Research Council Scientific Assistant.Wellcome Surgical Research Laboratories, Bearsden, Glasgow.&
ne de l''Universit&
Department of Stomatology, Faculty of Dentistry, Universit&
"Division of Enzymology, Institute of Applied Microbiology, University of Tokyo, Tokyo. Dec. 20."
Research Fellow from Mikasa Chem. Co., Amagi."
 de Recherches du Fonds National Belge de la Recherche Scientifique."
"Department of Chemistry and Biology, Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
"Institut d''Histologie et Laboratoire de Pathologie et Therapeutique G&
me Nerveux, H&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Leeds. May 8."
, Longbenton, Newcastle upon Tyne, 12."
 Vel&
"Institute for Experimental Medical Research, Ullevaal Hospital, Oslo."
"Pharmacological Institute, University, Rostock, Oct. 11."
 Department of Chemistry,&
o Paulo. Feb. 8."
o Paulo. April 11."
"Biology Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute, Tsukiji 5&
"Department of Growth and Development, Institute of Child Health, University of London, Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, W.1."
"Physics Department, Faculty of Science, M.S. University of Baroda, Baroda. Aug. 20."
"Department of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, Gunma University, Maebashi.&
"Sedimentpetrographisches, Institut der Universit&auml
pital St Louis&
Present address: Laboratory of Biochemistry, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md.&
Present address: Laboratory of Biochemistry, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md."
"The William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London, W.C.1."
ological Society, 92 Station Crescent, Ashford, Middlesex."
"Bedford College, London, N.W.1. Jan. 26."
 Anatomy and Neurobiology, &
"Zoology Department, The University, Glasgow W2."
"Department of Microbiology, Antibiotici Lepetit S.p.A., Torre Annunziata, Naples."
"Research Department, Agricultural and Horticultural Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Lenton Experimental Station, Nottingham. Jan. 6."
Cancer Research Centre, UBC, Vancouver&
 Biochimie M&
dicale Reine Elisabeth, Universit&
bingen. Nov. 15."
"Department of Applied Physics, The City University, St John Street, London EC1."
"Research Establishment, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Aberdeen."
"Government Chemical Industrial Research Institute, Tokyo, 1-chome, Hon-machi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo."
 libre de Bruxelles, B-1640 Rhode St Gen&
Istituto di Fisica Generate dell''Universit&agrave
Eastern Utilization Research and Development Division, Agricultural Research Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.&
partment de Biologie Moleculaire et Cellulaire, Laboratoire de Morphog&
"Institute of Earth Sciences, Academia Sinica, PO Box 23&
 d''Orl&
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, Euston Road, London, N.W.1. April 10."
"Electronics Research Laboratory, Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Montreal Road, Ottawa."
"Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1."
"Department of Experimental Pathology and Cancer Research, The Medical School, Thoresby Place, Leeds 2."
al, Montr&
Present address : Laboratoire de Chimie biologique, Facult&
WellcomeDepartment of Cognitive Neurology, Institute of Neurology, and Medical ResearchCouncil Clinical Sciences Centre, Hammersmith Hospital, London,UK&
Ges&
"Department of Environmental &amp
t Bochum, Abteilung f&
"Ferranti, Ltd., Hollinwood, Lancs."
"Defence Science Laboratory, Ministry of Defence, New Delhi, 12. July 24."
 Lymphocyte Biology Sections, Laboratory of Immunology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and&
"Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences, E34&
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, Royal College Street, London, N.W.1."
"Department of Veterinary Pharmacology, Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, Edinburgh.Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh."
Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
Paediatric Research Unit, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London"
t K&
Laboratory ofMolecular Immunology, &
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 19."
decine de Lyon, Laboratoire de Physiologie, 8, Avenue Rockefeller, 69-Lyon 8e"
"Radiological Protection Service, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
 Pathology and  &
"Physics Department, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
 d''Alger. June 6."
"Protozoan Genetics Unit, Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JN"
partement de P&
"Swedish Forest Products Research Laboratory, Drotting Kristinas v&auml
"Orthop&
"Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks."
r Virusforschung, Melanchtonstr. 36, T&
"Analytical Chemistry Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
Present address: Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Department of Biochemistry,Department of Chemistry, Imperial College, London."
"Biology Department, Wool Industries Research Association, Leeds. Oct. 1."
"Botany Department, Farouk I University, Alexandria. March 8."
"Department of Chemistry, University, Southampton. Jan. 28."
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Ayr."
Cardiothoracic Institute, Fulham Road, London SW3 6HP&
Present address: Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern, Worcestershire."
n Ferreyra, Casilla de Correo 389, C&
"Institute of Public Health, Tokyo. Aug. 14."
Pre-doctoral trainee of the U.S. Public Health Service."
INSERM U.289, H&
"Laboratory of Entomology, N.V. Organon, Leyden, and Department of Zoology, University of Leyden. Jan. 13."
"Bowaters Development and Research, Limited, Central Research Laboratories, Northfleet, Kent. Sept. 12."
cules Marqu&
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Jan. 28."
"University Department of Pathology, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow. Nov. 8."
bec at Montr&
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi."
"Chemistry Group, Winfrith Heath Atomic Energy Establishment, Dorset."
 Department of Neuroscience, and &
bingen. April 9."
Dipartimento di Astronomia and &
"Department of Dermatology, Royal Free Hospital, London."
t, Schloplatz 5, 4400 M&
"National Chemical Research Laboratory,National Physical Laboratory, S.A. Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria. Sept. 29."
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, Melbourne. May 28."
Technical Services Division, Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston&
tique et Biologie Mol&
"Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, Shrewsbury, Mass."
Present address: Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cardiff."
Royal Greenwich Observatory, Apartado de Correos 321, E&
On leave from the Universit&
"Research Laboratories, Rohm and Haas Company, Philadelphia 37, Pa."
r Biochemie, D-82152 Martinsried bei M&
 L. Roncuzzi, A. Ferlini, C. Nobile &amp
pital Saint-Louis&
"Institute of Classical Studies, London, W.C.1.Bencard Allergy Research Unit, Beecham Research Laboratories, Betchworth, Surrey."
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7
 Institute of Biophysics &
"Permanent Magnet Association Central Research Laboratory, Sheffield."
 Present address: Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Electrical Communication Laboratory, Musashino-shi, Tokyo.Radio Research Laboratories, Kokubunji, Tokyo.Yokogawa Electric Works, Ltd., Musashino-shi, Tokyo."
5281
re, 2, rue Ambroise Par&
"Main Astronomical Observatory of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences, Kiev."
"Medical Research Council Air Pollution Research Unit, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London.Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London.&
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. Feb. 2."
s Hospital, Bor&
Burroughs Wellcome and Co. (Aust.), Ltd., Research Fellow."
Present address: Laboratory of Environmental Mutagenesis, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, NIH, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709."
"Biological Laboratories, The Polytechnic, Regent Street, London, W.1. Feb. 22."
"Biochemical Laboratory, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro. Dec. 3."
"Laboratoire de Recherches V&
matologie H&
"The Scots College, Bellevue Hill, N.S.W."
"Zoology Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 30."
"Powder Science Laboratory, Department of Mechanical Engineering, King''s College, Strand, London WC2"
"Psychiatric Research Centre, Uller&
n Campomar, Juli&
"Departments of Surgery and Physics, Guy''s Hospital, London, S.E.1."
"David Lewis Northern Hospital, Leeds Street, Liverpool, 3."
"Institute of Geological Sciences, Geochemical Division, 64 Grays Inn Road, London WC1"
"Geologisch-Palaeontologisches Institut der Georg-August-Universit&auml
 Centre ofMolecular Biology and &
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7.Laboratoire de Chimie Physiologique, Universit&
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh"
Present address: Department of Pathology, University, and Western Infirmary, Glasgow, W.1."
"Universit&auml
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts.Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Bashley Road, London, N.W.10. Jan. 20."
"Department of Chemistry, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Nov. 28."
"Department of Bacteriology, University of Glasgow. Sept. 23."
r Biologic II, Lehrstuhl f&
 Max-Planck-Institute for Immunobiology, W-7800 Freiburg, St&
"MRC Reproductive Biology Unit and &
Laboratoire de Stratigraphie (LA 319), Universit&
 Committee on Immunology, and &
Present address: The London Hospital Medical College, London. E.1."
r Experimentalphysik,Institut f&
tique, Unit&
 Permanent address: Istituto di Fisiologia Generale, Universit&agrave
"Bland-Sutton Institute of Pathology, and Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
D. Danielopolu&
"National Institute of Agricultural Engineering, Silsoe, Bedfordshire. March 20."
 des Sciences Saint-J&
tude des      Syst&
Rocky Mountain Forest and Range Experimental Station, Forestry Sciences Laboratory, and &
"Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh."
"UKAEA, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire"
"Dr. Recordati Laboratorio Farmacologico S.p.A., Milan. Sept. 15."
"Morganite Research and Development, Northfields Laboratories, Wandsworth, London."
 Present address: Facult&
r Verhaltensphysiologie, Seewiesen and Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Wellcome Marine Laboratory, Robin Hood''s Bay, Yorkshire.Oceanographic Laboratory, 78 Craighall Road, Edinburgh."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Medical College, University of London. July 26."
Graduate Group in Biophysics, &
Osaka Bioscience Institute, 6&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. June 12."
"Courtauld Institute, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. Jan. 16."
"Division of Chemical Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Chemical Research Laboratories, Melbourne. June 4."
Sloane&
"Botany Department, Science College, Patna, 5."
"Division of Building Research, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Sept. 22."
"Brewing Industry Research Foundation, Nutfield, Redhill, Surrey.&
Total Exploration Production, Centre Scientifique et Technique, 78470 Saint-R&
"Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Radio Research Board, c/o Commonwealth Observatory, Mount Stromlo, Canberra."
"Chemistry Department, College of Science, University of Baghdad."
"Department of Haematology, Cardiff Royal Infirmary, Newport Road, Cardiff, CF2, 1SZ."
"Physics Department, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. March 16."
"Hillside House, Kilmun, Argyll. October 15."
 de Liege,B-4200 Cointe-Ougr&
nyi&
ontologie Humaine, tour 25&
sica, Departamento de F&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berks. Feb. 20."
"Division of Chemical Physics, C.S.I.R.O. Chemical Research Laboratories, Melbourne."
Present address: Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Food and Drug Directorate, Ottawa."
Department of Oral Surgery King''s College Hospital, and Department of Chemical Pathology, Royal Free Hospital&
dicale, Universit&
Central Research Units, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
r Medizinische Psychologie, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universit&auml
Laboratory of Molecular Genetics and &
"The Galton Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1.&
"War Office Clothing and Equipment Physiological Research Establishment, Farnborough, Hants."
GEN&
"Departments of Pharmacology and Chemistry, University of Cairo."
 Fish and Wildlife Service. U.S. Department of the Interior
"Institute of Zoophysiology, Uppsala. Aug. 18."
"Department of Biochemistry and Medical Research Council Human Biochemical Genetics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
,&
"Coal Research Section, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, P.O. Box 3, Chatswood, New South Wales. March 22."
"The Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen."
"Dominion Radio Astrophysical Observatory, Penticton, BC"
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Budapest. Sept. 9."
Permanent address: Institut f&
Institute of Anatomy, Division of Cell Biology, University Irchel&
Present address: Department of Physiology, University College, Galway."
Recipient of research career award, U.S. National Institutes of Health."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.Department of Physics, Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh. May 4."
"Department of Biochemistry and &
"Radiobiological Laboratory, Radiation Therapy Department, Johannesburg Hospital. Dec. 29."
r Biologie III, Universit&auml
r Allgemeine Botanik, Eidgen&
Present address: Department of Chemical Pathology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
"Section d''Oc&
"Department of Anatomy, University of Glasgow. July 4."
"Turner Brothers Asbestos Co. Ltd, PO Box 40, Rochdale, Lancashire"
"Department of Botany, Bedford College, University of London, London, N.W.1. January 21."
Zaklad Paleozoologii, Polska Akademia Nauk, 02-089 Warszawa, Al. Zwirki i Wigury 93"
Serafino Belfanti&
"John Burford Carlill Pathological Laboratories, Westminster School of Medicine, London, S.W.1. July 9."
"Institute for Applied Microbiology, Agricultural University, Vienna."
"Departments of Pathology &
, N-9001 Troms&
ral Leclerc&
"Botany Department, University, Leeds."
Instituto de Ingenier&
 Howard HughesMedical Institute, The Children''s Hospital, and &
"Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. Jan. 9."
"Biophysics Laboratory, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario. Aug. 27."
 Neuroscience Center andDepartments of &
"Chemistry Research Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, 26&
"37 Parkgate Crescent, Hadley Wood, Herts."
Laboratoire de M&
"Research Department, Bovril, Limited, 148/166 Old Street, London, E.C.1. March 21."
r Molekularbiologie I, Universit&auml
"Botany Department, Leeds University. May 11."
"Botany Department, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota."
"Wenner-Gren Institute, University of Stockholm.&
kolgie, Universit&auml
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berks. June 15."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, King''s Buildings, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. March 11."
"The Laboratories, Dextran, Ltd., Aycliffe, Darlington, Co. Durham. Sept. 3."
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Sefton Park, Stoke Poges, Bucks. Sept. 19."
canismes mol&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen. Dec. 18."
"Department of Anatomy, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London."
 Aug. 5.&
"Ente per la Trasformazione Fondiarie ed Agraria in Sardegna, Ufficio Colture Specializzate, Direzione Generale, Cagliari, Sardinia."
"Blood Transfusion Department, Armed Forces Medical College, Poona. May 28."
133, U.S.S.R."
r Molekulare Biologie (ZMBH), Universit&auml
Appleton Laboratory, Ditton Park, Slough SL3 9JX, Bucks&
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Medical Academy, Cracow. Dec. 4."
ller (Division of Genetics), M. Bresnan (Department of Neurology), F. Shapiro (Department of Orthopedics), U. Tantravahi, J. Speer &amp
Permanent address: Bio-Medical Group, BARC, Modular Laboratories, Trombay, Bombay 85."
"MRC Biophysics Unit, 26&
"Agricultural Research Council Radiobiological Laboratory, Letcombe Regis, Wantage, Berkshire."
nie Electrique, Associ&
"Human Nutrition Research Unit, National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7."
"INSERM U36, 17, rue du Fer-&agrave
John Stokes Research Fellow."
Istituto di Parassitologia, Universit&
"Department of Dermatology, Catholic University, Javastraat 104, Nijmegen"
"Neurological Department, University of W&
partement de Biologie, Commissariat &agrave
Laboratorio di Geologia Nucleare dell'' Universit&agrave
r Virusforschung, Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, Im Neuenheimer Feld 280, 6900 Heidelberg"
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo,Bunkyo-ku."
"Royal Navy Physiological Laboratory, Alverstoke, Hampshire.&
"Laboratory for Analytical Chemistry, University of Ghent."
"Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"The Animal Health Trust, Virology Laboratory, Canine Research Station, Kennett, Nr. Newmarket. Sept. 20."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Jan. 27."
"Department of Psychology, North East London Polytechnic"
"Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, Edinburgh 9. Dec. 5."
"Department of Physics, University of Allahabad. Dec. 19."
"Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex. Oct. 21."
"NationalInstitute of Bioscience and Human-Technology, Agency of Industrial Science&amp
Department of Biology and &
"Department of Microbiology, National University of Athens, Goudi-Ampelokipi, Athens."
"Laboratoire de Cytog&
"Department of Biochemistry, and the Genetics Curriculum, University of North Carolina.&
 Neurobiology, and &
"UA Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique D1284, Neurobiologie Mol&
"Bio-Medical Group, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Trombay, Bombay 400 085"
Laboratory for Neural Information Processing, Frontier Research Program, RIKEN Institute, &
"Medical Research Council Blood Group Reference Laboratory, London.Swiss Research Council Blood Transfusion Centre, Zurich."
"Department of Physiology and Biochemistry, St. Salvator''s College, University of St. Andrews, Fife."
"Institute of Animal Husbandry and Animal Nutrition, Free University, Berlin."
Department of Medical Microbiology, Link&
"Department of Botany, The University, Nottingham. April 18.Present address: Hartley Botanical Laboratories, The University, Liverpool."
"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Centre Marcel Del&
"Group Pathological Laboratory, Lakin Road, Warwick.Pathology Laboratory, Hope Hospital, Salford, 6."
"Physiologisch-chemisches Institut, Universit&auml
To whom correspondence and request for reprints should be sent to Jerusalem.&
"Department of Zoology, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota, Accra, Gold Coast. July 26."
"Central Research Laboratory, Canadian Industries, Ltd., McMasterville, Quebec. June 18."
"The International Nickel Co. (Mond), Ltd., Development and Research Department, Bashley Road, London, N.W.10."
"Zoologisches Institut der Univerist&auml
Population Council, Inc., Research Fellow (1960&
European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse-2, D-8046, Garching bei M&
Laboratoire de Physiologie Animale&
Carnegie&
"Colaba Observatory, Bombay 5. July 25."
"Stazione Astrofisica Svedese, Anacapri."
Present address: Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Glos."
"Hunting Technical Services, Ltd., Boreham Wood, Herts."
Physics Laboratory 1, H. C. &
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, Melbourne. May 17."
"University Botany Laboratory, Madras 5. July 6."
ge,45 rue des V&
Institut de Pharmacologie Mol&
"Royal Air Force Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hampshire."
Yokosuka City Museum, Yokosuka"
 libre de Bruxelles. June 1."
Center for Materials Research and &
Department of Immunology, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
"Department of Physics Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.l.Physics Department, University College, London, W.C.l. Nov. 28."
"Department of Natural History, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee, Angus.&
pez-Neyra y C&
"Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Osaka. Osaka. Oct. 22."
National Cancer Centre, Research Institute, 5-1, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo"
Division of Meteorology, Environmental Protection Agency, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina"
Permanent address: Service de Physique de l''Etat Condens&
British Commonwealth Scholar."
 1, Pilsen, Czechoslovakia. June 8."
Departamento de Ciencias Biol&
 di Milano. Sept. 26."
"Institute of Plant Biochemistry of the German Academy of Sciences, Halle/Saale.Institute of Zoology of the Martin Luther University, Halle/Saale."
"Dept. of Chemistry and Metallurgy, Technical College, Coventry. Sept. 13."
"Department of Physiology, University, St. Andrews. Oct. 1."
"Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.l.Postgraduate Medical School, London, W.12. Nov. 30."
"Department of Organic Chemistry, University, Leeds 2. June 17."
Present address: Department of Pharmacology, Leeds University School of Medicine, Leeds, 2."
 Biophysics and &
"Department of Botany, University of Glasgow.Southern General Hospital, Glasgow."
ologie et d'' Immunog&
"Psychology Department, The University, Glasgow, W.2."
Kr&
tel, 11 rue Emile&
"The National Road Research Institute, Drottning Kristinas v&auml
"Kartverket, Stockholm. Nov. 4."
"Institute of Protein Research and &
matology), Postgraduate Medical School of London."
"Labofina S.A., 100, chauss&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical School, and Department of Biochemistry, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Geologisches Institut der Philipps-Universit&auml
decine, 69&
"MRC Cyclotron Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
r Hygiene, Universit&auml
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, London E1 4NS"
"Game and Fisheries Department, P.O. Box 37, Fort Jameson, Northern Rhodesia."
"Institute of Neurology, Academy of the Rumanian People''s Republic, Bucharest."
Obstetrics and Gynecology, and &
, Velazquez 138, Madrid."
 deBiochimie des Prot&
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. July 13."
"British Titan Products Co., Ltd., 10 Stratton Street, London, W.1."
"Friedrich-Miescher-Laboratorium der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse 37-39, D-7400 T&
"Department of Geology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7."
 Kansai Advanced Research Center, Communications Research Laboratory, 588&
tG&
"Joint Speech Research Unit (PO), Eastcote Road, Ruislip, Middlesex."
 Biol. Instit&
Cell Biology, &
 Ferring AB, PO Box 30561, S-20062 Malm&
"Institut Francais du P&
"St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. April 3."
To whom correspodence should be addressed."
"Chelsea School of Pharmacy, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. July 17."
rimentale, 91, bid de l''H&
es and &
Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern, Worcestershire."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. June 16."
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Near Godalming."
"Magnetic Department, Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham."
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Ministry of Power, Sheffield 3."
sica, Universidad Nacional Aut&
"The Lister Institute, London SW1.MRC Blood Group Reference Laboratory, Gatliff Road, London SW1."
Department of Animal Ecology, Ecology Building, University of Lund, S-223 62 Lund&
"Grant Institute of Geology, University of Edinburgh."
Laboratoire de Neurologie du Developpement, H&
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeen"
"Department of Physiology, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
"National Agricultural Advisory Service, Government Buildings, Tyglas Road, Llanishen, Cardiff. October 26."
"Institute of Pharmacology, University of Uppsala. Aug. 27."
Laboratoire de Biochimie, Institut de Biologie Mol&
 M&
"Institute of Histology and Embryology, Veterinary Faculty, University of Belgrade.Department of Biochemistry, Laboratory of Radiobiology, Institute for Nuclear Sciences &
On leave of absence from the Istituto di Fisica dell''Universit&agrave
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Sept. 6."
Clinical Research Institute, 110 Pine Avenue West, Montreal&
"Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, London, W.C.2. June 24."
Na Truhl&
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, University of London."
 Nr. 35, Bucharest."
"Chemical Laboratory and Biological Laboratory, Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology, Fuchu, Tokyo."
"Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2.Department of Biochemistry, The London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
 The Gene Expression Laboratory, &
Member of the external staff of the Medical Research Council."
Member of the external staff of the Medical Research Council.&
"Lab. Gewerbe-u.Arzneimitteltoxikologie, Farbwerke Hoechst A.G., Frankfurt/Main-H&
"May Institute for Medical Research of the Cincinnati Jewish Hospital
 Department of Anatomy, University of Nancy I, 9 Avenue de la For&
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Dorset.&
Correspondence and reprint requests should be addressed to R. W."
Biochemie/FB Chemie, Philipps-Universit&auml
"Department of Biological Sciences, Wye College, University of London."
"Child Health Laboratories, Department of Child Health, Welsh National School of Medicine, Llandough Hospital, Penarth, Glamorgan CF6 1XX"
sica de 1''Atmosfera, Astronomia i Astrof&
"Department of Biological Sciences, University College of Rhodesia, Salisbury, Rhodesia."
Research career development awardee of the U.S. National Institutes of Health of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare.&
Bundesanstaltf&
6391
"Department of Biology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. May 11."
t
Sutton Institute of Pathology, The Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. Aug. 17."
Psychologisches Institut der Universitaet Duesseldorf&
omat&
"Chemische Abteilung, Chirurgische Universit&auml
"Department of Bacteriology, Tottori University School of Medicine, Yonago 683"
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station Bracknell, Berks. Nov. 9."
"ARC Radiobiological Laboratory, Letcombe Regis, Wantage, Berkshire."
ge. Jan. 17."
"Physiol.-Chem. Institut der Universit&auml
"School of Chemistry, The University, Leeds 2. June 4."
Present address: University Department of Chemical Pathology, Royal Infirmary, Sheffield."
"Institut de Recherche en Biologie Moleculaire (CNRS), Universit&
Laboratoire de Physiologie de la Reproduction, Universit&
"Institute for the Study of Mental Images, Gally Hill, Church Crookham, Hants."
"Department of Physiology, Kungliga Gymnastiska Centralinstitutet, Stockholm. June 1."
"The London Hospital Medical College Dental School, Turner Street, London E1"
"Institutt for Generell og Eksperimentell Patologi, Universitetet i Oslo, Rikshospitalet."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough.Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern."
" &
Virology and &
"Lab. v. Techn. Physica T.H., Delft. June 30."
ketehdas Orion, Oy., Helsinki. March 31."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. Sept. 26."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts. Dec. 19."
"Department of Morbid Anatomy and Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Aug. 23."
"The Salk Institute for Biological Studies and The Clayton Foundation for Research &
Department of Microbiology &amp
 de Recombinaison et Expression G&
Dipartimento di Fisica, Settore di Geofisica, Universit&agrave
pital St Louis, B&
Present address: Unit&
"Department of Pharmacology, Medical University, Budapest.Pharmaceutical Research Institute, Budapest."
"British Scientific Instrument Research Association, South Hill, Chislehurst, Kent."
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex"
"Istituto di Patologia generale, Universit&agrave
x02122
"Tin Research Institute, Perivale, Greenford, Middlesex."
"Nassau Hospital, Mineola, N.Y. Aug. 5."
"Deutsche Forschungsanstalt f&
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and&
"Ruakura Animal Research Station, Department of Agriculture, Hamilton, N.Z. July 16."
Division of Quantum Metrology, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex"
sseldorf, P. O. Box 101007, 40001 D&
"Medical Research Council Clinical Effects of Radiation Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh."
"Department of Pathology, Chase Farm Hospital, Enfield, Middlesex. April 12."
"Departamento de Citogenetica, Instituto de Investigaci&
r Biochemie der Pflanzen, Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin, Halle."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. Sept. 9."
Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Belgrade"
"School of Pharmacy, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, C.1."
Centre de Recherches P&
Department of Crystallography, Institute of Chemistry, University of Lodz, 91&
"Health Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
"Laboratory of Biochemistry, Institute Butantan, C.P. 65, S&
Present address: Research Institute, Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Nov. 30."
"Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore. Nov. 29."
Present address : Medizinische Forschungsanstalt der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, G&
Member of the Scientific Staff, Medical Research Council."
Department of Microbiology and &
"Laboratoire d''Electrostatique et de Physique du M&
"Geophysical Section, Danish Meteorological Institute, Esplanaden 15, Copenhagen."
"Philosophische Hochschule Berchmanskolleg Pullach, Munich."
"Division of Bacteriology and Dairy Research, Science Service, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. March 14."
rntnerring 11, Vienna."
culair&
Neurosurgery&
des et de chimie min&
"Laboratoire d''Hydrologie et G&
 Donation Student of the Royal Society."
 Institute for Genetics, University of Cologne, Z&
Institute for Immunology, Faculty of Medicine, and &
Laboratory of Developmental Neurobiology, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and &
5912
logica, Facultad de Farmacia y Bioqu&
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, (University of London), Brunswick Square, W.C.1. June 26."
t, Frankfurt am Main."
Present address: Food and Drug Directorate, Ottawa."
Department of Geophysics, University of Western Ontario, London&
xico, D.F."
decine et de Pharmacie, Marseille."
"Department of Pharmacology, B&
"Chemistry Department II, Caroline Institute, Stockholm. Nov. 11.&
Departments of Neuroscience, &
"Applied Nutrition and Dietetics Discipline, Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore-2a"
"Biochemistry Section, Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Island Street, Nottingham. May 2."
"Biochemistry Department, Royal Bath Hospital, Harrogate, Yorks. Oct. 22."
"Department of Neuropharmacology, Max-Planck-Institut f&
 de Recherches H&
"National Physical Research Laboratory, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria"
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. July 16."
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, College of Agriculture, University of Tokyo, and Scientific Research Institute, Ltd., Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. Nov. 5."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Edinburgh.Rheumatic Research Unit, Northern General Hospital, Edinburgh. April 18."
Authors to whomcorrespondence should be addressed.&
r klinische Physiologie, D-4000 D&
"Instituto de Bioqu&
"Department of Geology, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
Present address: Inst. Physiol. Ac. Sci., Salmovsk&
eskoslov. arm&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Science, Bombay 1. Dec. 2."
ologie der Universit&auml
"Department of General Pathology, University of Genoa. Dec. 18."
"Institut de Th&
, Genova."
pital Necker, 151, rue de S&
"Division of Hematology&
ce 100. March 16."
trographie-Volcanologie, Universit&
"Department of Histology and Embryology, University of Glasgow Veterinary School.Faculty of Veterinary Science, University of Khartoum.Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London. Nov. 19."
" Centre de Recherches P&
Nuffield Foundation Dominion Travelling Fellow in Medicine."
"Torry Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Aberdeen. May 15."
AWRE, Aldermaston, Berkshire"
"Institute of Hygiene, University of Aarhus."
t Bern."
Department of Pathology&
"Central Pathological Laboratory, Manor Hospital, Bath. Aug. 9."
partement de Biologie, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales."
On leave from the Central Veterinary Laboratory, Weybridge, England."
kologie, KFA J&
"Grant Institute of Geology, Edinburgh.Department of Geology, University College of Aberystwyth."
"British Non-Ferrous Metals Research Association, Euston Street, London, N.W.1. Aug. 7."
"Laboratory of Zoophysiology, University of Caen."
Present address, Waterloo College, Waterloo, Ontario."
"Department of Physics, University College, University of London."
"Departments of Chemistry&
"Victoria University College, P.O. Box 196, Wellington, N.Z. Sept. 10."
te f&
"Tocklai Experimental Station, Cinnamara, Assam."
"Department of Statistics, University College, London."
"Hautklinik der Johannes Gutenberg-Universit&auml
"Faculty of Rural Science, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics,&
"Istituto di Fisica Sperimentale del Politecnico di Milano."
"School of Agriculture, Department of Cattle Breeding, Cracow, Al. Mickiewicza 21.Silesian School of Medicine, Institute of Microbiology, Zabrze&
"Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Berkshire. Jan. 31."
"Department of Bacteriology, The London Hospital Medical College, University of London.&
"Centre de Biolog&
dersjukhuset (South Hospital), Stockholm."
"Unilever Research, Isleworth Laboratory, 455 London Road, Isleworth, Middlesex"
opoldville. July 5."
culaire, H&
"Laboratory of Biochemistry, National Research Institute of Police Science, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo."
ological Survey, Union Education Department, University, Milner Park, Johannesburg. Nov. 30."
Institut Henri Poincar&
Ambulatorische und Geburtshilfliche Veterin&auml
PO Box 418, Que Que, Rhodesia"
ochimie et M&
"Institut de G&
On leave from the Instituto de Edafologia y Fisiologia VegetaMadrid"
"Medical Research Council Blood Transfusion Research Unit, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Nov. 23."
r physiologische und klinische Forschung, Parkstr. 1, 635 Bad Nauheim"
 Istituto &
Department of Genetics, &
"Gatty Marine Laboratory and Department of Natural History, University of St. Andrews."
"Division of Laboratories and Research&
r &
"Department of General Chemistry, University of Li&
Institut d''Astronomie et de G&
"Wheatstone Physics Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 6."
gicas, Facultad de Ciencias Exactas y Naturales, Universidad de Buenos Aires, Moreno 967, Buenos Aires.&
Hr&
ntale, Fondation Reine Elisabeth, 1, Avenue Jean Crocq."
"Unilever, Ltd., Toilet Preparations Development Unit, 455 London Road, Isleworth, Middlesex."
r Biokybernetik, Universit&auml
r Biologie, Abt. Beermann, T&
"Department of Medicine, Royal Free Hospital, London, W.C.1.Department of Haematology, Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London."
"Imperial College Field Station, Ashurst Lodge, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berks."
"Royal Observatory, Edinburgh 9. April 23."
"Southern General Hospital, Glasgow SW1"
beck, D-2400 L&
"INSERM, U176, Unit&
Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey"
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Fairfield Road, Yeerongpilly, Queensland."
Institute for Biochemistry, Medical Faculty (Charit&
"Botanical Institute, University of Tokyo."
"Agricultural Institute, Anand.Laboratory of the Plant Pathologist, Government of Uttar Pradesh, Kanpur. Nov. 27."
"East African Institute for Medical Research, P.O. Box 162, Mwanza, Tanganyika."
"Kettering&
"Laboratorio Gas Ionizzati (EURATOM&
"Istituto Chimico-Farmaceutico, Universit&agrave
Present address: University of West Indies.&
Experimental Immunology Branch &
Department of Biology, &
"Solid State Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi-12."
Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, University of Ume&
"Laboratoire d''Anatomie et Histologie compar&
Present address: Laboratorio de Investigaciones Psicofarmacologicas, Hospital Neuropsiquiatrico Nacional, Buenos Aires."
nc&
"Department of Anatomy, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
Department of Physiology, University College, London&
Centre g&
Sonnenborgh&
"Department of Physiology, University College, London, W.C.1. March 25."
"Research Laboratories of the Pharmaceutical Department, Ciba Ltd, Basle."
3287
Kettering Institute for Cancer Research, Sloan&
"Department of Neuropathology, National Hospital for Nervous Diseases, Queen Square, W.C.1."
"University Department of Surgery, Western Infirmary, Glasgow."
 Department of Pediatrics, Division of Basic Sciences and&
29 Drury Lane, London."
"Research Division, Pfizer Ltd, Sandwich, Kent."
 Department of Cell Biology and &
"Laboratoire de Chirurgie exp&
"Arbeitsgruppe Neuro- und Rezeptorphysiologie, Fachbereich Biologie, Universit&auml
 de Nice, Laboratoire de G&
 di Scienze, Universit&agrave
National Research Laboratories Postdoctorate Fellow."
"Zentrallaboratorium f&
Institute National de la Sant&
"Royal Veterinary College, Royal College Street, London, N.W.1. May 9."
Institute of Microbial Chemistry, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo"
Department of Psychology,&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London."
"Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern, Worcs. Aug. 21."
"Crystallography Laboratory, Birkbeck College, University of London."
Department of Biochemistry&
European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
Dingestow&
"London Transport, Griffith House, 280 Marylebone Road, London, N.W.1."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries Ltd., Aldermaston, Berkshire. Oct. 23."
 Humboldt-Universitat, 1040 Berlin, GDR"
"Division of Radiophysics, CSIRO, Sydney"
"Agricultural Research Council Animal Breeding Research Organisation, Glenbourne, South Oswald Road, Edinburgh 9. Aug. 11."
To whomcorrespondence should be addressed."
"Department of Zoology and Physiology, Rutgers&
matologie et d''Oncologie, D&
 E &amp
"Chemistry Department, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Center for Materials Science and Engineering, ETC&
"East Ham Memorial Hospital, Shrewsbury Road, London, E.7. May 25."
"Metallurgy Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington. Aug. 30."
"Department of Normal and Comparative Anatomy, Belgian Centre of Normal and Pathological Growth, University of Ghent. Nov. 13."
"Department of Chemistry, Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn. June 9."
Medizinische Universit&auml
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 8."
"Research Department, Metal Box Co., Ltd., Kendal Avenue, Acton, London, W.3."
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. June 18."
"Lunar and Planetary Unit, Department of Environmental Sciences, University of Lancaster, Bailrigg, Lancaster"
r Hygiene und Arbeitsphysiologie, ETH, Clausiusstrasse 25, 8006-Z&
Work done at the Max Planck Institut, Wilhelmshaven, during the tenure of a Fulbright Research Award."
"Division of Quantum Metrology, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Haffkine Institute, Bombay 12. Jan. 7."
"Analytical Department, Radiochemical Centre, Amersham, Bucks."
fico, Atanor S.A.M., Munro, Pcia Buenos Aires."
Department of Geophysics and Geochemistry&
rich-H&
"Organisch-chemisches Laboratorium, Eidgen&
 Bernas, and &
"Cement and Refractories Section, Chemical Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala, Box 531, S-751 21 Uppsala"
Laboratory of Cytogenetics, H&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Physiology, Ian Clunies Ross Animal Research Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales."
Present address: Division of Neuropsychiatry, Memorial&
"W. Darlington and Sons, Ltd., Southcourt Road, Worthing. Nov. 17."
 Anatomy,and&
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey, and Whippany, New Jersey."
"Institute for Immunology and &
"Department of Physiology and &
Laboratoire d&
Highlands and Islands Development Board, Inverness"
"Pharmaceuticals Division, ICI Ltd, Alderley Park, Cheshire&
"US Naval Medical Research Unit No. 2, Namru-2, 7&
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay&
7, 1350 Copenhagen K"
, Czechoslovakia."
Recipient U.S. Public Health Service research career programme award 5&
decine, 11 rue Humann 67085 Strasbourg C&
"Meteorological Office, Kingsway, London, W.C.2. May 16."
"Institute for Petroleum and Organic Geochemistry (ICH-5), Kernforschungsanlage J&
ais de P&
Instituto de Astronomia, UNAM, Apdo. Postal 70&
"Institute of H&
"National Academy of Medicine, Buenos Aires."
"Cyanamid European Research Institute, Geneva."
"Departments of Anatomy, Middlesex Hospital and King''s College, London. Dec. 20."
"Biochemical Laboratory, Royal Bath Hospital, Harrogate."
 Pediatrics, and &
 Roma."
culaire, Institut Pasteur, 25 rue du Dr Roux&
n Cient&
"Crimean Astrophysical Observatory."
"Radio Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants."
"Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, D&
"Division of Radiophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. Sept. 9."
"Centro de Investigaci&
"Institute of Physiology and Institute of Histology, Medical School, Buenos Aires. Aug. 24.&
"Institute of Physiology, University of Uppsala, June 4."
Fort Hoofddi jk&
"Admiralty Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Max Planck-Institut f&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Fulham Road, London SW3."
"Department of Microbiology, Lister Institute, Chelsea Bridge Road, London SW1"
Fellow of the Royal Norwegian Council for Scientific and Industrial Research."
"State Serum Institute, Copenhagen."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, St. Salvator''s College, University of St. Andrews. June 11."
Molecular Biology, University of Ume&
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead. March 13."
"Mining Research Establishment, Worton Hall, Isleworth, Middlesex."
r Botanik, Technische Hochschule Darmstadt, Schnittspahnstrasse 3&
"W. Darlington and Sons, Ltd., Worthing. April 5."
"Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Brunel College of Technology, London, W.3. June 3."
Present addresses
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London."
"Department of Pharmacy, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow."
"Neuropsychiatric Research Centre, Whitchurch Hospital, Cardiff. May 20.&
"Botany Department, University of Delhi."
"Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, University of Osaka. Oct. 18."
"Animal Breeding Research Organization, 6 South Oswald Road, Edinburgh 9. Nov. 6."
t Marburg."
r Biologie, Abteilung W. Beermann, Spemannstr. 34, T&
"Department of Zoology, Panjab University, Hoshiarpur, Panjab. Feb. 28."
Present address: Max-Planck Instit&
Present address: Research Laboratories, Frank W. Horner, Limited, P.O. Box 959, Montreal."
Max-Planck-Institute for Psychiatry, Am Klopferspitz ISA, 82152 M&
School of Materials Science and Technology, and &
"Department of Microbiology, Queen Elizabeth College, London W8 7AH"
"Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research, Bugnon 21, Lausanne"
Present address: Straw Road, Hopkinton, N.H., U.S.A."
On leave from the Tata Institute of Fundamental Kesearch, Bombay.&
ratrice, 1292 Chamb&
"Department of Organic Chemistry, University, Leeds 2. Aug. 31."
Department of Neurology and Neurological Surgery (Neurology), &
"Departments of Molecular Biology, and &
nchen, Arcisstr. 21, 8000 M&
Fraunhofer-Institut f&
Division of Electrical Science&
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow. Sept. 19."
"Department of Biophysics and Biochemistry, and Institute of Applied Microbiology, University of Tokyo."
 University, Olomouc, Czechoslovakia."
"Division of Optical Metrology, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
 University, Olomouc, Czechoslovakia.&
Lieut.-Colonel, Medical Corps, U.S. Army."
"Department A, Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Horten. March 12."
"Dept. of Botany and Zoology, Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3. Feb. 5."
obotanical Department, Riksmuseum, Stockholm 50. Sept. 20."
r biologische Kybernetik, Spemannstrasse 38, D-72076 T&
To whom correspondence should be addessed."
"Research Department, Farmavigor S.p.A., Milan. Feb. 11."
."
chsisches Landesverwaltungsamt, Institut f&
.&
"Department of Sugar Chemistry and Technology, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad. May 9."
National Science Foundation Co-operative Graduate Fellow."
pato-Gastro-Ent&
"Stiftelsen Svensk Detonikforskning, Vinterviken, Stockholm, S.V."
"Observatoire de Besan&
"Departments of Zoology and Physics, University of Madras."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Uppsala. Oct. 27."
"Department of Bacteriology, Anderson College, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, W.1."
r Biologie, 8042 Neuherberg b. M&
In receipt of a Lederle Medical Faculty Award."
Laboratorio per lo Studio della Dinamica delle Grandi Masse, C&agrave
"Department of Parasitology, Moredun Institute, Edinburgh, 9. Nov. 7.&
gicas, Instituto Polit&
Cancer Research Institute, Parel, Bombay-12&
"Institute of Plant Physiology, Lund. July 30."
"Nuffield Neonatal Research Unit, and Department of Histochemistry, Hammersmith Hospital, Du Cane Road, London, W.12."
"Department of Geology, Birkbeck College, University of London."
"Department of Metallurgy and Materials Technology, Battersea College of Technology."
"Wellcome Chemical Laboratories, Ministry of Health, Khartoum. Dec. 10."
"Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, National Chemical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry Laboratory, University of Louvain."
"Materials Science Section, Enfield College of Technology, Queensway, Enfield, Middlesex."
 Institute of Veterinary Pathology, and &
hlenkrankenhauses, Hamburg."
"Department of General Botany, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich."
INSERM-U.96 Unit&
"US Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755        &
"Laboratory of Experimental Haematology, Institut de Recherches sur les Leuc&
"Medical Research Council External Staff, Department of Medicine, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Marine Biological Association, The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth."
a, Universidad Nacional Aut&
 di Torino."
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, Melbourne."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Aberdeen."
"Laboratoire de Biophysique, UER Broussais&
Department of Molecular Biology, Merck Sharp &amp
Present address: Department of Biology, Loyola University, Chicago."
"Laboratory of Hygiene, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa. Jan. 26."
Present address: Division of Biochemistry, National Cancer Centre Research Institute, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo."
"Department of Medicine, King''s College Hospital, London."
 Section of Dermatology, and &
Abteilung Sediment-Geologie, Institut f&
, Department of Microbiology&
"Soil Division, Department of Agriculture.Geological Survey Department, British Territories in Borneo, Kuching, Sarawak.Mineral Resources Division, Overseas Geological Surveys, Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1."
partement de Psychologic, Universit&
"Agricultural Research Council of Central Africa, Salisbury, Rhodesia."
"Dept. of Anatomy, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Oct. 9."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London."
Abteilung Molekulare Biologie, Max Planck Institut f&
mica, Facultad de Agronom&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow, Glasgow W2."
"University Clinic of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Basle. Jan. 16.&
"Department of Botany, University College, London, Gower Street, W.C.I"
Institute of Molecular Biology and &
"Department of Genetics, E&
"Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories,Institute of Obstetrics and Gyn&
"Physiological Laboratory, S.N. Medical College, Agra. Aug. 22."
 Department of Pathology, and &
"Department of Applied Physiology, Royal College of Surgeons of England."
Present address: Wantage Research Laboratory, Wantage, Berks."
Present address: Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
With a research training grant from the Animal Health Trust."
Konnevesi Research Station, Department of Bio- and Environmental Sciences, University of Jyv&auml
"Laboratoire d''Enzymologie des Acides Nucl&
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 11."
"H.M.S. Challenger. Feb. 11."
National Institute for Medical Research, London NW7 1AA&
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Feb. 20."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Budapest."
gskolan, 104 05 Stockholm 50."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. Oct. 29."
"Institut Oc&
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. June 8."
"Department of Anatomy, Queen''s College, Dundee.Department of Radiotherapy, The Royal Infirmary, Dundee. April 25."
matologie, H&
"East African Meteorological Department, P.O. Box 931, Nairobi. March 5."
"Program of Excellence in Molecular Biology, Cardiovascular Research Institute, &
Zentrum Biochemie/Abteilung Biochemie II der Universit&auml
"Postgraduate Medical School of London.Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit.&
Towhom correspondence should be addressed"
Towhom correspondence should be addressed&
Marchwood Engineering Laboratories, Central Electricity Generating Board, Marchwood, Southampton SO4 4ZB&
Department of Astronomy, University of Western Ontario, London 72, Ontario&
Cancer Research Group, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, 2920&
Department of Community Medicine, School of Medicine,&
 To Who correspondence should be addressed."
To whom correspondence should be   addressed."
Department of Earth and Space Sciences and &
dicale (INSERM U12), H&
t, Schlossplatz 4&
 de Microbiologia, Velazquez 138, Madrid 6."
"Department of Zoology, The University, Southampton. April 20."
"Departments of Biology and Mathematics, University of Salford, Salford."
Present address: Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Sefton Park, Stoke Poges, Bucks."
Department of Biological Sciences, Portsmouth Polytechnic, Portsmouth PO1 2DZ&
"Departments of Dermatology and Medicine, St. Thomas''s Hospital and Medical School, London, S.E.1.Medical Research Council, Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Istituto di Fisica Tecnica, Centro Studi di Radiopropagazione, Universit&agrave
Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology, Bute Gardens, Hammersmith, London W6&
"22 Tudor Court, Gunnersbury Avenue, London, W.3."
"UKAEA, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire."
ontologisches, Institut der Universit&auml
hoku University, Sendai. Oct. 13."
"Blood Research Laboratory, Pratt Clinic&
"National Blood Group Reference Laboratory, Geitmyrsveien 75, Oslo 4."
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University of Uppsala."
Present address: Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire.&
"Fundamental Circuit Interruption Laboratory, English Electric Co., Ltd., Nelson Engineering Laboratories, Stafford."
"University of London, King''s College, Department of Biophysics, 26&
"Division of Low Temperature Biology, Clinical Research Centre Laboratories, National Institute for Medical Research, London NW7."
"Medical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2."
Present address: Institute of Pathology, Newcastle General Hospital."
"Norwegian Institute of Seaweed Research, Trondheim."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Oct. 24."
"Research Department, H. W. Carter and Co., Ltd., Royal Forest Factory, Coleford, Glos. Sept. 15."
"Chemical Laboratory, University College, Galway. July 7."
"Biological Division, Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent."
"Department of Bacteriology, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London, London, W.8. Jan. 7.&
Auroral Observatory, University of Troms&
 Biology and&
Fargate&
Department of Chemistry, and &
"Department of Genetics, Department of Human Biology and Anatomy, University of Sheffield"
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, University of London.Department of Physiology, Teheran University."
"Kastelsvej 26, Copenhagen."
Nuclear Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire&
"Department of Zoology, University of London, King''s College, Strand, London WC2."
Laboratory of Microbial Structure and Function, and &
Nuclear Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire"
"Medical Clinic II, St. G&
"Institute of Geological Sciences, 5 Princes Gate, London SW7 1QN"
"Daniel Baugh Institute of Anatomy, Jefferson Medical College of Philadelphia.Dajac Laboratories, Borden Chemical Co., Philadelphia."
"Foods Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. June 7."
Permanent address: Departamento de Fitopatolog&
 de Physiologie Microbienne and  &
, Bakeham Lane, Englefield Green, Surrey TW20 9TY&
"Behringwerke AG Marburg (Lahn)."
r Pathologische Physiologie, Friedrich Schiller Universit&auml
"Department of Chemical Technology, Bradford Institute of Technology."
"Wenner-Gren''s Institute for Experimental Biology, University of Stockholm."
rich, 8028 Z&
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala. July 8."
Central Institute of Molecular Biology, Academy of Sciences GDR, GDR-1115 Berlin, Lindenberger Weg 70"
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Nov. 25."
"Madras Biomedical Association, Stanley Medical College, Madras"
Dipartimento Scienze della Terra,Universit&agrave
al, CP 8888, Montr&
"Agriculture Department, University of Rhodesia, Salisbury"
Research Chemist, Southern Regional Research Laboratory, July&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Poona, Poona&
"Department of Physiology, Kumamoto University Medical School, Kumamoto."
Attach&
 and Protein Chemistry&
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft. March 19."
"Hematology Department, Hektoen Institute for Medical Research of the Cook County Hospital, Chicago. March 18.&
Present address : Chemistry Department, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, Ontario."
 J. Che, J. Quo, D. Lu, C. Wu &amp
nchen, Biedersteiner Strasse 29, D-8000 M&
"Chemistry Department, University College, Cork. Nov. 28."
"Department of Chemistry, University College, London.Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield."
"Laboratory of the Children''s Clinic, Academic Hospital, Leyden. April 17."
Department of Pediatrics, University of North Carolina, School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina"
r Experimentelle Virologie und Immunologie an der Universit&auml
"F. Hoffmann&
dicale, 30 Rue Lionnois, Nancy."
Institut Curie-Biologie, B&
Centre de Recherches Volcanologiques, OPGC, Universit&
"Institute for Atmospheric Physics, ETH, H&
sza Szkoa Pedagogiczna, Gda&
rs&
Research associate, Canadian Heart Foundation."
tique, Institut Carnoy, Louvain."
Present address: Laboratoire de Biologie Mol&
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. March 2."
"Department of Growth and Development, Institute of Child Health, 30 Guilford Street, London WC1."
Laboratoire R&
res, CP 500, Trois-Rivi&
"Royal Veterinary College, Royal College Street, London, N.W.1"
"The National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.&
t Berlin, Takustrasse 3, D&
partement de biochimie, niversit&
partement de G&
"Savannah River Laboratory, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., Aiken, South Carolina."
Department of Plant Pathology&
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. Dec. 20."
"Physico-Chemical Laboratories, College of Science, University of Baghdad."
"Department of Pharmaceutical ChemistryDepartment of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 29&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Institute of Neurology, The National Hospital, London.&
"Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Marsden Hospital, Downs Road, Sutton, Surrey."
Theodor-Boveri-Institut f&
"Department of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
 de Rennes&
"Department of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Department of Genetics, School of Biological Sciences, University Park, Nottingham NG72RD"
renciation Cellulaire, D&
"National Chemical Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 16."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, Tooting, London SW17 0QT."
"Unit of Neurophysiology &amp
"Faculty of Agriculture, University College of the West Indies, Trinidad."
Fellow of the Comitato Nazionale Energia Nucleare.&
 Medizinisch-Naturwissenschaftliches Forschungszentrum, University of T&
Nuclear Research Center &
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Koenji, Suginami-ku, Tokyo.&
  Molecular Biology and  &
"Ross Institute of Tropical Hygiene, Keppel Street, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. July 2."
"Department of Zoology, University of Madras. Dec. 23."
John and Mary R. Markle Scholar in Academic Medicine."
"Chemical Laboratories, University of Allahabad, Allahabad."
"Department of Biology, Medical Faculty, J. E. Purkyn&
"Department of Electronic and Electrical Engineering, University College, London."
"Department of Microbiology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755"
Division of Pediatric Oncology, Dana Farber Cancer Institute,&
"Laboratory Animals Centre, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Central Chemical Research Institute, Hungarian Academy of Science, 114 Hung&
"Istituto di Fisica dell'' Universit&
"Geology Department, Imperial College of Science &amp
, ''s-Graveland. March 22."
"Department of Medicine, University of Sheffield, The Royal Hospital, Sheffield."
Professor Bowden died recently."
"Forest Insect Laboratory, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. Nov. 1."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Windsor, Ontario."
"Institut de Pharmacologie Mole&
 de Virologie Fondamentale et Appliqu&
"Department of Statistics, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina."
"Division of Agricultural Biochemistry, Department of Biological Chemistry, Marischal College, Aberdeen."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Animal Physiology, Cunningham Laboratory, St. Lucia, Queensland."
Present address: Division of Physical Sciences, University of the West Indies, Trinidad."
nchen"
"Department of Anatomy, University of Ume&
I, Rigshospitalet, University Hospital, Copenhagen."
nchen&
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. March 11."
National Institute of Mental Health&
"North Thames Gas Board, Tar and Ammonia Products Works, Beckton, London, E.6."
"Baker Medical Research Institute and Alfred Hospital Clinical Research Unit, Melbourne. Feb. 14."
"Pacific Naval Laboratory, Esquimalt, B.C."
r Hygiene und Med. Mikrobiologie der Medizinischen Akademie, 24 L&
Laboratoire d''lmmunochimie et d''Immunopathologie (Inserm U108), Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
"Littledown, Kingwood Common, Henley-on-Thames. June 5."
Department of Cell Biology, and &
cology, Sabbatsbergs Sjukhus, Stockholm."
Present address: Centre de Recherches de Biochimie, Macromol&
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Departments of Physiology, and Biochemistry and Biophysics, &
Present address: TBTAK Research Institute for Basic Sciences, PK 74, Gebze, Koc&agrave
Service de Neurologie, H&
ralogie&
At 4,900 and 9,300 cm -1, spectrally degraded observations were used to compute the ratio. Detailed dates in upper part of Table.&
"Defence Science Laboratory, Metcalfe House, Delhi 6."
 di Napoli. Feb. 15."
"Department of Fuel Technology, University of Sheffield. Jan. 8."
"Crystallography Laboratory, The City University, London EC1."
"Istituto di Anatomia Comparata &
"British Railways Technical Centre, Derby."
"Fibre Science Department, University of Strathclyde
Now at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell.&
"Aangesteld navorser N.F.W.O., Zeewetenschappelijk Instituut, Ostend.Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at Pisa."
"Research Laboratories, Irwin, Neisler &amp
"Central Bacteriological Laboratory of Stockholm City, Stockholm."
"Laboratoire d''Immuno-Virologie Mol&
 de l''Institut Interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucl&
 Physics and Engineering Laboratory and &
"Geology Department,Botany Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.Geology Department, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Edinburgh.Department of Botany, University of Glasgow."
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics University College, Dundee. July 26."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Melbourne. March 2."
 Gene Expression Laboratory, Howard Hughes Medical Instituteand &
"University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill."
University of Sheffield, Virus Research Laboratory, Lodge Moor Hospital, Sheffield 10.&
"Department of Physics,Department of Geology, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1. Jan. 8."
"Far-Eastern Geological Institute, Vladivostok"
Centre for Research on Perception and Cognition, and &
 di Padova. July 7."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berks. Jan 11."
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales. April 9."
"Laboratory of Neurophysiology&
"Department of Zoology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Jan. 7."
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds 2. July 14."
ge, Institut de Botanique, 4000 Sart Tilman par Li&
"1st Department of Medicine, University of Budapest, Kor&
Research Fellow of the Tea Research Institute of Ceylon."
"Institute for Organic Chemical Technology, Technical University, Budapest.K&
Present address: Anatomy Department, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1."
National Museum, PO Box 40658, Nairobi"
Genetics Divisions, Department of Medicine, Brigham &amp
Present address: Division of Microbiology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA.&
Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas Y T&
Present address: Division of Food Preservation, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, Sydney."
Fellow of the Rockefeller Foundation. Present address : Laboratory of Plant Anatomy and Cytology, University of &
A laboratory of the Northern Utilization Research and Development Division, Agricultural Research Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture."
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. Aug. 3."
"Research Laboratory, The Permutit Co., Ltd., Gunnersbury Avenue, London, W.4. Nov. 25."
"I.C.I. Paints Division, Wexham Road, Slough, Bucks. Dec. 4."
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berkshire"
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
"Department of Dental Science, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, W.C.2. April 5.&
 libre de Bruxelles et Centre de Microscopie &
"Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. Oct. 2.&
nomico e Geof&
"Centre d''Etude de l''Energie Nucl&
"Department of Medicine, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"An Foras Taluntais, Glenamoy, Ballina, County Mayo."
"Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. April 9."
To whom correspondence is to be addressed
"Physiological Department, Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen."
"Diamond Research Laboratory, Johannesburg. Oct. 28."
"            &
veloppement en Coop&
ORSTOM (Institut Francais de Recherche Scientifique pour le D&
"Laboratories for Neuroendocrinology and &
r Zellbiologie, ETH H&
"Office of Naval Research, U.S. Embassy, London. Aug. 14."
r Kreislaufforschung der Deutschen Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin, Berlin-Buch, DDR."
thanie, 07110 Largenti&
 Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, and &
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization,Defence Standards Laboratories, Melbourne. Dec. 6.&
De Korenschoof&
"Centre d''Immunologie et de Biologie Parasitaire, Institut Pasteur, 15, rue Camille Gu&
r Tierzucht und Tierernahrung, der Freien Universit&auml
"Department of Biochemistry, Komensky''s University, Bratislava."
"Centre d''lmmunologie et de Biologic Parasitaire, Unit&
ontologie, Universit&
"Instituto de Investigaciones Hematol&
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Canberra, A.C.T. Dec. 21."
"Instituto Nacional de Cardiolog&
Lecturer in Botany, Deshbandhu College, Delhi 19."
"Geophysical Institute, Tokyo University.&
"Department of Botany, University of Ibadan."
"Pathology Department, University of Edinburgh, Teviot Place, Edinburgh, 8."
nica, Patronato &
"Department of Zoology, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury."
Department of Pathology, Hanover, New Hampshire.&
"Royal Dental Hospital School of Dental Surgery, Leicester Square, London, W.C.2."
Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Division for Toxicology, N-2007 Kjeller."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University School of Medicine, Yokohama.Department of Physiological Chemistry and Nutrition, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Tokyo."
"Natural History Museum, Gothenburg."
Present address: Department of Psychology, University of Sheffield."
a Molecular y Fisiolog&
"Department of Anatomy, Royal Veterinary College, London NW1 0TU"
"Department of Metallurgy, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, New Jersey."
"Department of Experimental Pathology, Mount Vernon Hospital, North wood, Middlesex."
"Laboratoire de Bact&
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2. April 30.&
Fellow, Swedish State Medical Research Council."
r biophysikalische Chemie, D3400 G&
"Commonwealth Forestry Bureau, Forest Products Research Laboratory, Princes Risborough, Bucks. July 27."
Ferring AB, Fack, S-200 60 Malm&
 Libre de Bruxelles, Brussels.&
"Physiologisches Institut der Ludwigs-Maximilian Universit&auml
nister(Westf.)."
"Institute of Radiopathology, Stockholm 60."
"Department of Endocrinology, New End Hospital, London, N.W.3. April 1."
 Ophthalmology, &
 Present addess: Department of Biophysics, University College, London.&
 , R. G. Feldman&
Histology and &
Division of Genetics, Department of Pediatrics and The Mental Retardation Research Center, The Children''s Hospital
"Department of Chemistry, Women''s University, Nara. Oct. 25."
Present address: Botany Department, St. Machar Drive, Old Aberdeen."
Dipartimento di Scienze della Terra, Universit&agrave
"Department of Microbiology, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1.Department of Pathology, General Hospital, Newcastle upon Tyne, 4."
"Istituto di Ricerche A. Fleming, Via Modica, 6, Milano."
"Department of Molecular Biology, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut, Nikolausberger Weg 18, G&
partement des Sciences de la Terre      et de I&
Department of Applied Science and Lawrence Livermore Laboratory&
ge. Laboratoire pour la Protection des Populations Civiles, Li&
decine Lariboisi&agrave
On leave from the Institute Rudjer Bo&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Haematology, H&
"institut de G&
"Union Carbide European Research Associates, s.a., 95, rue Gatti de Gamond, Bruxelles 18."
r Geophysik, Universit&auml
"Ian Clunies Ross Animal Research Laboratory, Division of Animal Physiology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Prospect, New South Wales."
Research Fellow in Obstetrics, Albert Einstein College of Medicine."
dio-Astronomia e Astrofisica &
LCCMB-CNRS, Facult&
"Biochemical Institute, Helsinki. Feb. 21."
ssle, S-431 83 M&
"Neurobiology Section, Stazione Zoologica, Napoli 80121."
"University Pathological Institute, D&
Brigham &amp
"MRC Biophysics Research Unit, Department of Biophysics, King''s College, 26&
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead. July 21."
"Graylingwell Hospital, Chichester, Sussex.&
"c/o Fibre Research Institute T.N.O., Delft."
"Department of Physics, AB Atomenergi, Stockholm. March 1."
"Chemical Defence Experimental Establishment (Ministry of Supply), Porton. Nov. 9."
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell."
"Department of Pathology, University of Besan&
"Department of Textile Industries,Department of Pharmacy, Institute of Technology, Bradford, Yorkshire."
t Bonn, Federal German Republic."
"Medical Research Council Common Cold Research Unit, Harvard Hospital, Salisbury. Oct. 7."
"Dept. of the Government Chemist, Government Laboratory, Clement''s Inn Passage, London, W.C.2.Department of Hop Research, Wye College, Wye, Kent."
"Istituto di Farmacologia, Universit&agrave
"Department of Bacteriology, School of Medicine, Leeds, 2."
r  Entwicklingsbiologie, Spemannstrasse  35/ii, D-7400 T&
mia u.17, Budapest 5&
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, 29&
"Vision Research Unit, Medical Research Council, Institute of Ophthalmology, London."
"Department of Biological Sciences, Wye College, Nr. Ashford, Kent."
"Kiepenheuer-Institut f&
Institute of Nuclear Science &amp
"252 High Holborn, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Botany, University College, Roma, Basutoland."
"Clinica Medica Universitaria, Pavia. Nov. 10."
"Research Association of British Flour-Millers, Cereals Research Station, St. Albans. April 27."
"East African Meteorological Department, Nairobi. March 7."
Institute of Organic Chemistry,&
"Shell Research Limited, Thornton Research Centre, Chester."
10&
"John Innes Institute, Hertford."
"Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, Ribeir&
"Medical Research Council Unit for Research in Cell Metabolism, Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield. July 2.&
ophysique de l''Environnement, BP 96, 38402 St Martin d''H&
nlandwirtschaft und Futterbau, J. Liebig-University, Giessen.&
Present address: Regional Research Centre, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, W.I."
"Chemical Engineering Division and Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Dec. 20."
"Abbey Meadow Mills, Dyers and Finishers, Leicester. Jan. 7."
"Department of Child Health, University of Sheffield."
"Department of Botany, Biological Research Institute of Hungarian Academy of Science, Tihany Lake Balaton. Feb. 2."
Laboratory of Hydraulics, Hydrology and Glaciology, Federal Institute of Technology, 8092 Z&
res et Institut de Physique, Neuch&
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, University of London."
"27 Wimpole Street, London, W.1."
ge. July 27."
"Broken Hill Proprietary Co., Ltd., Central Research Laboratories, Shortland, 2N, New South Wales."
Department of Probability and Statistics, University of Sheffield, Sheffield S3 7RH&
Laboratoire de Modelisation du Climat et de (''Environment, CEA/DSM, CE Saclay 91191
"M.R.C. External Staff, University College, London."
Permanent address: Research Fellow, Obstetric Unit, University College Hospital, London, W.C.1."
rale de la Sant&
"Agricultural Research Council Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berks.Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Beds."
School of Pharmacy, University of London.&
"Department A, Royal Maternity Hospital, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen. Nov. 23.Department F, Copenhagen County Hospital, Hellerup."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University, Liverpool. Nov. 11."
"Department of Paediatrics, State University, Groningen.Universit&auml
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr. Sept. 18."
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College, London SW7."
Laboratoire Ren&
 des Sciences de Bordeaux, Laboratoire de Chimie Physique A, 33 Talence."
r Genetik (im Aufbau) der Universit&auml
Department of Chemistry, East Carolina University, Greenville, North Carolina"
e, C.N.R.S. Bellevue (Seine et Oise)."
"Davy Faraday Research Laboratory, Royal Institution of Great Britain, 21 Albemarle Street, London, W.1. Jan. 30."
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Medicine and Pathology, and&
National Science Foundation&
Present address: Radiological Protection Service, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
"Wenner&
Postgraduate fellow of the &
"Department of Zoology, University of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Technical Optics Section, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 11."
 de Microbiologia, Joaquin Costa, 32, Madrid."
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Murray Hill, New Jersey.&
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden."
Departments of Psychiatry &amp
"Nuclear Physics Division, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire.Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow."
"ICI Pharmaceuticals and Dyestuffs Divisions, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire"
"Department of Anatomy and Embryology, University College, London, W.C.1. Dec. 17."
"University Department of Pathology, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow.&
r Biogeochemie und Meereschemie, Universit&auml
Laboratoire de Neurobiologie des R&
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Jan. 28."
"Coagulation Research Laboratory, Division of Surgery, Presbyterian&
lich, PC Box 1913, D-5170 J&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12.&
Departments of Medicine, Genetics, Microbiology, Immunology and&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
ts-Kinderklinik, Bern."
ologi&
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University of Sheffield."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford. July 19."
"Wilmer Institute, Johns Hopkins Medical School, Baltimore, 5. Nov. 11."
"Road Research Laboratory, Harmondsworth, Middlesex. Oct. 11."
Royal  Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle,Hailsham,EastSussexBN271RP,UK"
"Institut du Radium&
, and Pathology&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Baroda, Baroda. Aug. 27."
Present address: Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, Leeds."
Transcription and &
"Institute of Human Anatomy, University of Bari, Policlinic, Viale Ennio, Bari."
"Division of Neurosurgery&
"School of Medicine, Leeds 2."
Laboratoire de Palynologie, Universit&
Medical Research Council Junior Research Fellow.&
"Departments of Chemical Pathology and Morbid Anatomy, University College Hospital Medical School, London."
Division of Laboratory Animal Medicine, School of Medicine and Department of Pathhobiology, School of Hygiene and Public Health&
"Institut Pasteur, &
19381
"Applied Physiology Laboratory, Transvaal and Orange Free State Chamber of Mines, Johannesburg. June 7."
Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow W2.&
MRC Clinical Endocrinology Unit, 2 Forrest Road, Edinburgh EH1 2QW&
r Experimentelle Medizin, 34 G&
"Laboratory of Chemical Pharmacology, National Heart Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md."
Arbeitsgruppe Funktionelle Morphologie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
 Department of Pathology and &
"Lister Institute, London, S.W.1, and Institute of Animal Physiology, Babraham, Cambs.Lister Institute, London, S.W.1. April 27.&
 Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, &
ttingen, Bundesrepublik Deutschland."
Bureau of Mineral Resources, Canberra&
"Cancer Research Department, Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, 132&
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Harpur Hill, Buxton. Nov. 20."
Departments of Gastroenterology and Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London WC1E 6JJ.&
ge, Laboratoire de Microbiologie et Hygi&
Senior post-doctoral Fellow in Neurology (U.S. Public Health Service grant 2M-6418)."
245
"University College, Achimota, Gold Coast. May 1."
 Cell Biology and &
"Botanical Institute, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo. June 11."
Laboratoire d''Oncog&
"Medical Department, Centre d''Etude de L''Energie Nucl&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. March 23."
Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences, Queens College&
tel.Laboratoire suisse de Recherches horlog&
gy&
Present address: Abt. Biophysikalische Chemie, Biozentrum der Universit&auml
 de Recherches sur le M&
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Research Laboratories of Vitamins, Ltd., Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey. Sept. 3."
Macromolecular Sciences and&
ntais, Johnstown Castle, Wexford.An Foras Tal&
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London WC2."
"Department of Clinical Therapeutics, University of Athens (Alexandra Hospital).Department of Biology, Greek Nuclear Centre &
"Department of Biochemistry, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1. May 20."
Research School of Earth Sciences, Institute of Advanced Studies,&
Permanent address: Department of Medicine, Mount Sinai Hospital Medical Center, 15th St. &amp
"State Faculty of Agronomy, 5800 Gembloux and Department of Molecular Biology, University of Brussels, 1640, Rhode-St-Gen&
"MRC Group in Molecular Endocrinology, Le Centre Hospitalier de l''Universit&eacute
"Radiocarbon Laboratory, University of Lyon"
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds 2. June 19."
"Department of Clinical Research, Crichton Royal, Dumfries. July 6."
terveyslaitos, Helsinki. May 25."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire"
"Institute of Biology, Medical Faculty, P.J. &
Department of Geological Sciences, and&
aires, Applications Biologiques, Strasbourg-Cronenbourg, et Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Genetics Laboratory, Animal Breeding and Genetics Research Organization, Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. Sept. 28."
"Department of Pathology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. July 24."
Department of Medical Neurology, University of Edinburgh&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5. Sept. 24."
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, Weybridge."
nchen, M&
s-Clo&
"Nuffield Institute of Comparative Medicine, The Zoological Society of London, London, N.W.1."
Present address: Pathology Section, East Malling Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent."
Laboratory for Immunohistochemistry and Immunopathology, Institute of Pathology, and &
"Research Department, Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., Durham, North Carolina."
"British Iron and Steel Research Association, Hoyle Street, Sheffield 3."
"Endocrine Unit, The Liverpool Clinic, Liverpool."
Shell&
"Department of Agriculture, University Research Institute, Reykjav&
 c/o G.P.O., London, E.C.1."
"Rheumatism Research Unit, Nether Edge Hospital, Sheffield 11. July 28."
"Department of Physiology, Medical Faculty, University of Zagreb, and Department of Biology, Ruder Bo&
"Nuffield Orthop&
Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. Jan. 12."
"Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12. May 1."
 de Neuch&
"Defence Science Laboratory, New Delhi. Jan. 25."
Istituto di Fisica, GIFCO&
tedra de Psiquiatr&
" Astrophysical Institute, University of Li&
r Kalorische Apparate und K&auml
Institute of Neurobiology, G&
 de Bordeaux 1, Avenue des Facult&
"Courtaulds, Limited, Research Laboratory, Maidenhead, Berks, and Acetate and Synthetic Fibres Laboratory, Coventry."
Associate Research Professor, Miller Institute for Basic Research in Science."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford."
"Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. July 1."
"Departments of Physics&
"Sheep Research Station, Office of the Deputy Director (Sheep and Wool), Jaipur."
"Farran Laboratory, Newport, Co. Mayo, Eire."
"King''s College of Household and Social Science, University of London, London, W.8.Research Department, C. W. Martin and Sons, Ltd., London, S.E.1. Feb. 21."
5280&
"Research Department, Masaryk State Institute for Radiotherapy, Brno. Oct. 27."
On leave from Department of Statistics, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen."
ophysique Interne et Pal&
British Empire Cancer Campaign Exchange Fellow."
"Max-Planck-lnstitutf&
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Uppsala. May 9."
Fleming Institute, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
Beit Memorial Fellow and New College Guiness Research Fellow."
"Rhodes Inyanga Estate and National Park, Rusape, Southern Rhodesia."
Permanent address : Department of Chemistry, University of Delhi."
"Chemistry Division, The Franklin Institute Research Laboratories, Philadelphia."
6. June 1."
"Istituto di Fisiologia Generale, Roma. Jan. 12"
e &agrave
"Organic Chemistry Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 6."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University of South Dakota School of Medicine, Vermillion, South Dakota."
nchen."
"Institute of Dental Research, United Dental Hospital, Sydney.&
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft. April 6."
Present address: Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation, Raritan, New Jersey 08869."
Department of Physics, and &
r Virusforschung, Abteilung Biochemie II, D-7400, T&
"Medical Research Council Rheumatism Research Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire."
Institut und Museum f&
aire, Universit&
"Department of Physics, Sir John Cass College, London, E.C.3."
1957."
Oslo City Health Department, Section for School Health&
 Molecular Biology,&
t, Bonn,Universit&auml
ptial de Bic&
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. Nov. 28."
"Department of Geology, Imperial College of Sciene and Technology, University of London."
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay."
ckler-Strasse 56, 5000 K&
Departmento de Metabolismo, Nutrition y Hormonas, Fundacion Jim&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire. March 27."
"Laboratoires de Neurobiologie et de G&
INSERM U 25, Hopital Necker, 161, rue de S&
"Marie Curie Hospital, 66 Fitzjohn''s Avenue, London, N.W.3. May 10."
ologie et G&
Present address: Central Research Units, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
"Instit&
"Animal Health Trust, Equine Research Station, Newmarket, Suffolk. Aug. 29."
"Governmental Vitamin Laboratory, Norwegian Fisheries Research Institute, Bergen. April 13."
 and International Centre for Microbiological Chemistry, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh, 1 George Square, Edinburgh EH8 9JZ"
ge, B-4000 Sart Tilman, Li&
patites (INSERM U.271), 151 Cours Albert Thomas, 69424 Lyon C&
"Department of Clinical Research, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. March 1."
"Basel Institute for Immunology, Basel, and Department of Medical Microbiology, University of Z&
"Department of Botany, Westfield College, University of London.Biochemistry Division, Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedford."
 184, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
Wilmer Ophthalmological Institute, and &
"Institute de Qu&
 Division of Hematology/Oncology, Children''s Hospital and the Dana Farber Cancer Institute, Department of Pediatrics,&
Physikalisch-Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Research Fellow in H&
r Molekularbiologie II der Universit&auml
"Foods Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. March 18."
Botany Department.&
"Muscular Dystrophy Group Research Laboratories, Regional Neurological Centre, Newcastle General Hospital, Newcastle-upon-Tyne."
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. June 18."
"Department of Physical Sciences, Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent."
Present address: Messrs. J. W. Chafer, Ltd., Milethorne Lane, Doncaster, Yorkshire."
"Atomic Energy Board, Private Bag 256, Pretoria."
mungsforschung, Bunsenstrasse 10, D-3400 G&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abteilung MolekulareEntwicklungsbiologie, Postfach 2841, D-37018 G&
tedra de Quimica Biol&
Department of Zoology&amp
7050 Leipzig, GDR"
Present address: Max-Planck-lnstitut fur biologische Kybernetik, T&
"Department of Zoology, University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 22."
, 10125 Torino."
a Aplicada, Universidad de Barcelona. May 17."
Department of Human Genetics, and &
 de Microbiologia, Velazquez 138, Madrid, 6."
"Department of Bacteriology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London.&
"Departamento de Citolog&
t Bochum, 463 Bochum.&
 de recherches au Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique."
aires, Universit&
Department of Medicine, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London EC1"
U.E.R. de Chimie Organique, Universit&
Present address: Department of Botany, Birkbeck College, London.&
"Central Agricultural Station, Mon Repos, East Coast Demerara, British Guiana."
Clinical Research Centre, Northwick Park Hospital, London&
"Department of Pharmacology, Link&
"Departments of Anatomy and Physics, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
Comprehensive Cancer Center and &
Department d''Immunologie et Virologie des Tumeurs, U152, H&
r Virologie und Immunobiologie der Universit&auml
"A.W.V. Physical Laboratory, Amalgamated Wireless (Australasia) Ltd., Sydney."
 and Department of Biology as Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London."
 State Vaccine Institute for Production and Research, X. Sz&
"Department of Physics, University College, Aberystwyth. Jan. 22."
"Department of Physics, Rutherford College of Technology, Newcastle upon Tyne.&
35262
"Rosenstiel Basic Medical Sciences Research Center, and Department of Biology&
, M. Vartanian&
rimentale du Coll&
Present address: Royal Free Hospital, London, W.C.1."
"Institute for Medical Research, Zagreb"
 Libre de Bruxelles. Dec. 23."
"Building Research Station, Garston, Watford. Feb. 14."
"Laboratory for Technical Physics, Technical University, Delft. June 27."
"Plant Protective Chemistry Section, East Malling Research Station, Near Maidstone, Kent. Nov. 13."
 Physik-Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Anatomy, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
r Strahlenund Umweltforschung mbH M&
"National Chemical Research Laboratory,National Physical Laboratory, S.A. Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria."
"Clinique medicale universitaire et Centre des Recherches sur les Lymphomes malins, Lausanne.&
"Institute of Zootechnics, Krak&
Lancashire Record Office, Lancaster Road, Preston&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University College, London, W.C.1. Feb. 12."
nie Atomique, D&
 per Ricerche Terapeutiche, Milano."
GSF Institut f&
Albert Einstein College of Medicine&
Department of Geology, &
Dental Research Center and Department of Pharmacology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514&
"Laboratoires de Recherche, Institut du Cancer de Montr&
"Neurochemistry Section, New Jersey Bureau of Research in Neurology and Psychiatry, c/o New Jersey Neuro-Psychiatric Institute, Princeton, New Jersey."
 de Bruxelles. Aug. 26."
 Laboratory of Experimental Neuropathology, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, and &
nie G&
, M. Fracarro&
"Research Department, British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool. Oct. 21."
x000D6
Geologisch-Pal&auml
"Forest Research Institute, Dehra Dun. Oct. 7."
x000D8
Institute for Molecular and Cellular Biology&
"Instituto de Ciencia Animal, Apartado 24, San Jos&
External Scientific Staff, Medical Research Council."
ttingen, Grisebachstrasse 8, D-3400 G&
"Medical University Clinic, Zurich. Aug. 8."
, National Cancer Institute, Laboratory of Immunoregulation&
"Dept. of Bacteriology, School of Medicine, Leeds 2.&
Postgraduate Research Fellow of the National Science Foundation."
"Institute of Virology, University of Uppsala, Uppsala."
"National Coal Board, Central Research Establishment, Stoke Orchard, Cheltenham, Glos. Dec. 2."
Research Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cient&
 Rh&
"Department of Applied Physics, Lanchester College of Technology, Coventry."
x000DC
x000DA
a, Madrid."
r Chemie der Technischen Universit&auml
"Laboratory of Experimental Endocrinology, and Zimotecnic Institute, University of S&
tiers."
"Equine Research Station, Animal Health Trust, Newmarket, Suffolk."
"Laboratoire d''Immuiio-H&
r Radiumforschung, Vienna."
18887
"Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Nov. 15"
"Biological and Chemical Research Institute, PMB 10, Rydalmere, NSW 2116"
 Genetics, and &
 Service de Physique de I''Etat Condens&
Solar System Exploration Division and &
"Agricultural Research Station, Rehovot. March 21."
"Department of Mathematics, University, Sheffield 10. June 26."
"Department of Zoology, The University, Leeds 2."
Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh.&
"Laboratory of Histochemistry, Institute of Internal Medicine, Soseaua Stefan cel Mare 19, Bucharest."
"Department of Pathology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina."
"Birkbeck College, University of London&
 184 de I''lNSERM, Facult&
"Department of Botany, University of T&
 Department of Chemistry, and&
CRIBI, Universit&agrave
"Laboratory of Biochemical Genetics, Institute of Experimental Medicine, Leningrad."
Present address: Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
r Allgemeine und Experimentelle Pathologie, Vienna, 9, and I. Medizinische Klinik, Vienna, 9."
Institut des SciencesNucl&
"Department of Chemistry, The University, Exeter."
"Chemical Laboratory, University College, Galway. Oct. 21."
"Virus Research Centre, Poona."
"Psychiatric Unit, Newcastle General Hospital, Westgate Road, Newcastle upon Tyne 4."
Gr&
 de Neurobiologie de L''INSERM (U-109), 2ter rue d''Al&
"Department of Educational Sciences, University of Edinburgh"
"Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. July 18."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
"Robert Koch Institute, Berlin."
mica Fisiol&
Present address: Department of Nutrition &amp
"Department of Zoology, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
 de Bruxelles."
Observatoire Midi-Pyr&
anologique de Bretagne, BP 337, 29N. Brest"
t, K&
"Purley, Surrey."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and the Cystic Fibrosis Research Center, Department of Human Genetics and &
"Hygiene-Institut der Universit&auml
Immunology Division, Clinical Research Centre, Northwick Park Hospital, Harrow, Middlesex&
Predoctoral Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service (CF-9138)."
"Department of Chemistry, Clark University, Worcester, Mass. Nov. 5."
Johann-Wolfgang-Goethe Universit&auml
"Institute de Anatom&
 Laboratoire de Microscopic Cellulaire et Mol&
Career Investigator of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cient&
ne et d''Histologie, Universit&
Department of Microbiology, Universiy of Lund, S&
"Centre de Biophysique Mol&
 84 de Biologie Mol&
"Nuclear Engineering Laboratory, Queen Mary College."
a Agropecuaria."
 and of Biophysics&
"Levington Research Station, Department of Soil Science, Levington, Ipswich."
Institut de Biologie Moleculaire, Universit&
 Unit&
"Sir Howard Grubb, Parsons and Co., Optical Works, Walker Gate, Newcastle upon Tyne 6. May 4."
Work performed during the tenure of a post-doctoral fellowship (HPD 9951&
"Research Institute for Technical Physics, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest. Mar. 2."
Permanent address: Laboratoire d''Histologie, Facult&
"Division of Horticulture, Department of Agriculture, Pretoria. Jan. 9."
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1. Sept. 4."
"Medical Research Council, Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12.Department of Endocrinology, New End Hospital, London, N.W.3.Medical Research Council, Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, London, N.W.1."
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Mylnefield, Invergowrie, Dundee. Feb. 22."
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi 6."
aire, Centre de Recherches Nucl&
"Development and Research Department, The Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Acton."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough."
"Pharmaceutical and Central Research Departments, F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
r experimentelle Virologie und Immunologie an der Universit&auml
orique et Hautes Energies&
7968
IRDI&
M.C. and T.O. made equal contributions to this work."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks. July 31."
"Department of Mathematics, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne."
Astronomical Institute &
"Department of Visual Science, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London WC1H 9QS"
Institut de Physique du Globe, Universit&
"Zakad Hodowli Byda, Wyzsza Szkola Rolnicza, Krakow.&
Department of Biochemistry, Edinburgh University"
"Laboratoire de Neurobiologie, Ecole Normale Sup&
"Hartley Botanical Laboratories, The University, Liverpool."
t Halle Wittenberg, DDR-4020 Halle, GDR&
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University of Edinburgh."
Postdoctorate Fellow."
"Department of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry, University, Leeds 2. June 17."
"Groupe de Radioastronomie D&
"Aluminium Laboratories, Limited, Kingston, Ontario. Aug. 8."
To Whomcorrespondence should be addresssed"
"Schering Chemicals, Ltd., Burgess Hill, Sussex."
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, Harrogate. Feb. 12."
ssle-Klinik, Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften, Berlin."
"Land Resources Division, Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth Tower, Surbiton, Surrey."
dic Hospital, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex."
Department of Pediatrics, Los Angeles County&
"Division of Biophysics, Sloan&
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., &
"Sugarcane Breeding Institute, Coimbatore. June 19."
"Studsvik Energiteknik AB, Nyk&
"Instrument Division, Ericsson Telephones, Limited, Nottingham. Dec. 3."
"Department of Zoology, University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg. Oct. 11."
"Department of Physiology, Tchernovitsy Medical Institute, U.S.S.R."
"Aluminium Laboratories, Ltd., Kingston, Ontario."
nster&
"Shell Centre, London, S.E.1."
 Department of Virology, National Veterinary Institute, Biom&
"Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh Medical School."
"Torry Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Aberdeen. June 22.&
"Cancer Research Institute, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia.&
Arbeitsgruppe Walter Schaffner, Institut f&
"Theodor Kocher Institut, Bern.&
"Laboratory of Chemical Physiology, Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam."
"First Chemical Institute, and Department of Histology and Embryology, University, Vienna. June 5."
"Max-Planck Institute for Psychiatry, Department of Neurochemistry, and &
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House,Sharnbrook, Bedford."
r Allgemeine Botanik, Ruhr-Universit&auml
-D, Gr&
Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London.&
Division of Tumor Immunology, Dana Farber Cancer Institute, and &
To whom request for reprints should be addressed."
bingen, and Institut f&
"Imperial College, London SW7"
Member of the Scientific Staff of the Medical Research Council."
 di Padova. April 30."
C. Erba&
"Agricultural Research Council Unit on Plant-Growth Substances and Systemic Fungicides, Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent."
"Defence Research Board, Ottawa."
1&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Dec. 20."
"Department of Metallurgy, Danish Technical University, Copenhagen. Nov. 11."
"Surgical Research Laboratories, Presbyterian Medical Center, San Francisco."
 Bio-M&
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, Ministry of Aviation, Christchurch, Hants.Research Laboratories, Post Master General''s Department, 59 Little Collins Street, Melbourne, C.l."
In receipt of a grant from the Banting Research Foundation."
r Pharmazie und Lebensmittelchemie der Universit&auml
Present address: Department of Haematology, Hammersmith Hospital, Royal Postgraduate School, London W12."
"Research Institute for Heavy Chemical Industries, Veszpr&
 Neurology and of &
"Institute of Pharmacology, University of Cagliari, Via Porcell N4"
"Istituto di Fisica dell ''Universit&agrave
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., General Chemicals Division, Research Department, Widnes Laboratory, Widnes. March 9."
Present address: C/o E. A. Hides, Tanning and Allied Industries Bureau, P.O. Box 1091, Nairobi."
"Department of Anatomy, Institute of Ophthalmology, London."
"Division of Parasitology,Division of Microbiology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
"Division of Animal Health, C.S.I.R.O. Veterinary Parasitology Laboratory, Yeerongpilly, Queensland."
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, Melbourne. July 7."
"Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen. Feb. 26."
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. Jan. 6."
"Histology Department, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1. March 8."
"Institute of Medical Research, Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney, N.S.W. Nov. 11."
"Protozoan Genetics Unit, Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JN"
"Divisions of Biophysics &amp
 de Bordeaux II, 146 rue L&
"Laboratory of Spiroch&
"Department of Experimental Medicine, School of Medicine, Lyon"
Genetisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Merch Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Division of Merck and Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey."
European Southern Observatory, D-85748 Garching bei M&
"Department of Medical Chemistry, University of Uppsala."
"CSIRO Division of Entomology, Yeerongpilly, Queensland."
Programin Immunology, &
"Institute of Pharmacology, University of Bari. Feb. 29."
"Fuel Research Station, River Way, London, S.E.10. Aug. 21."
"Department of Chemistry, Brunel College, London, W.3."
"Department of Bacteriology, University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow. July 17."
"Department of Haematology, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London W12.Division of Inorganic and Metallic Structure, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
r Genetik der Universit&auml
 Cell Biologyand&
"Fuel Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Greenwich, London, S.E.10. March 17."
 Materials Science and Engineering and &
"US Naval Oceanographic Office, Code 038&
"Department of Anthropology, University College, University of London.S. A. Institute for Medical Research, Johannesburg.MRC Group in Haemolytic Anaemia, University College Hospital Medical School, London, WC1."
Research Fellow of the Institut interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucl&
dimentologie et de Pal&
"Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, Charterhouse Square, London, EC1."
"Laboratoire de Physiologie G&
Fellow of the Swiss Foundation for Biological-Medical Fellowships.&
"Atomic Energy Project, Chalk River, Ontario. Dec. 21."
Department ofPhysics, &
"Intelligence Unit, Council for Nature, 41 Queen''s Gate, London, S.W.7. January 16."
 de Recherches &agrave
Institute for Molecular Biology, Division II, University of Z&
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine,Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. June 15."
"Department of Geology, University of Aarhus, 8000 &
"Department of Virology, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London W12."
"Department of Biochemistry and Pharmacodynamics, and Department of Immunology, Instituto Biologico, S&
Present address: Instituto de Investigaciones Biol&
Present address: ICI Wilton, Wilton Works, PO Box 54, Teesside"
 Present address: The Nuffield Foundation, London, N.W.1."
"Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Laboratoire de Neuropsychologie Exp&
Present address: Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Los Angeles County&
r theoretische Physik, Universit&auml
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh 9.Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Oct. 26."
Department of Medicine, Section of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology, and &
"Department of Botany, University College of the South West, Exeter. Jan. 14."
Department of Zoology, Royal Holloway &amp
"Department of Chemistry and Biology, Norwood Technical College, Knight''s Hill, S.E.27. Oct. 16."
Department of Neurology&
"Laboratory of Human Anatomy and Belgian Centre of Normal and Pathological Growth, University of Ghent."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Sept. 25."
"Tropical Products Institute, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, London, W.C.1."
Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE Harwell"
ga/Boehringer Ingelheim Research Inc., 2100 Cunard Street, Laval, Qu&
r Biologie, Abt. Reichardt, T&
nd University, Budapest."
Present address: Department of Mathematics, Imperial College, London SW7."
 and Structural Chemistry&
 Department of Chemical Engineering and &
"Institute of Nutrition, Budapest."
John and Mark R. Markle Scholar in Academic Medicine.&
 Louis Pasteur, 67085 Strasbourg Cedex"
Recipient of a Lederle Medical Faculty Award (1962&
"Chemistry Division, AERE, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire.Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield.&
"Department of Zoology, The University, Glasgow. Jan. 3."
, Fairfield, Stockton-on-Tees. Sept. 30."
"Institute for Infectious Diseases, University of Tokyo. May 19."
Institut  f&
"Institut d''Aeronomie Spatiale de Belgique, 3, avenue Circulaire, B&
"Agricultural Chemistry Section, Chemistry Department, The University, Glasgow, W.2."
"Departments of Chemical Pathology and Physiology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
r Immunbiologie, Spemann Laboratories, Postfach 1169, St&
 des Sciences, Lyon."
Reprint requests to R.P.M."
Department of Toxicology, Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
Chemistry and &
1st Department of Anatomy, Semmelweis Medical School, 1450 Budapest, Tuzolt&
"Scientific Department, Istituto &
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Nov. 12."
pitalNecker-Enfants Malades, 161 rue de S&
"Department of Spectroscopy, Banaras Hindu University, Banaras 5. Aug. 12."
"Cancer Research Laboratory, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario"
"Department of Biochemistry and Nutrition, Polytechnic Institute, Copenhagen.&
"Department of Anatomy, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Department of Pharmacology, Scientific Research Division, Schering Corporation, Bloomfield, New Jersey. July 21."
r H&auml
"Physics Department, University of Sheffield. Dec. 1."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Royal Melbourne Hospital, Parkville, N.2. June 5."
"The British Gelatine and Glue Research Association, 2a Dalmeny Avenue, Holloway, London, N.7. Dec. 1."
"Department of Microbiology and Virology, Medical and Pharmaceutical Institute, T&
"Laboratoire de Neurobiologie et Physiologie Compar&
"Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore, 2."
"Research and Development Department, Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucestershire."
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service, Entomology Research Division."
"Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Berlin-Dahlem."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London&
"Stagshead Studios, 159a Ashley Road, Hale, Altrincham, Cheshire."
On leave of absence from the International Institute of Genetics and Biophysics, Naples."
"Cyanamid of Great Britain, Ltd., Bush House, Aldwych, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Physics, University College, London, W.C.1. June 17."
"McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Sydney. Nov. 9."
tique et Pathologic mol&
"N. Copernicus Astronomical Center, Polish Academy of Science, ul. Bartycka 18, 00&
"Department of Biology, University of Salford."
"Department of Chemistry &amp
t, Arbeitsgruppe Biokybernetik, 8000 M&
"Cancer Research Laboratory, University of Western Ontario."
Department of Nuclear Physics, Research School of Physical Sciences&
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. Oct. 21."
"School of Rural Science, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
"Applied Physical Chemistry of Surfaces Laboratory, Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Feb. 22."
Now at the William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London."
Institute for Medical Research"
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London."
"Seccion de Bioqu&
"Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire"
"The Zinc Corporation, Ltd., Broken Hill, New South Wales.Sulphide Corporation Pty., Ltd., Boolaroo, New South Wales."
"Dominion Observatory, Ottawa, Ont. Aug. 22."
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh 9. Aug. 18."
r BiophysikalischeChemie, Am Fassberg, D-37077 G&
"Department of Virology and Rickettsiology,Department of Enteroviruses, National Institute of Health, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo."
Service de Cytologie et d''Histologie, Universit&
r Tierern&auml
dagger
 ZMBH, Universit&auml


"Institute of Inorganic Chemistry, University, Pozna&
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Imperial College, University of London."
"Physics Laboratory, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
 Claude Bernard (Lyon 1), Math&
"Department of Materials, College of Aeronautics, Cranfield, Bletchley, Bucks."
"Laboratorium voor Technische Physica, Technische Hogeschool, Delft. Sept. 12."
"The Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. April 7."
"Dove Marine Laboratory, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1."
"British Oxygen Co., Ltd., Deer Park Road, London, S.W.19."
 IFREMER Centre de Brest, BP70, 29263 Plouzan&
CEA DRA/Srirma, Cen/Saclay BP N&
,Physiological Department&
Present address: Advanced Materials R. and D. Lab., Pratt and Whitney Aircraft, North Haven, Conn."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, Cork, Eire."
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.1. July 11."
 Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, &
"Physiologisch-chemisches, Institut der Humboldt-Universit&auml
Immunological Medicine Unit, Department of Medicine, and &
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Nov. 23."
"Departments of Cell Biology and Microbiology &amp
 di Padova, Padova. Jan. 5."
"Department of Science, Nottingham and District Technical College, Nottingham."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JT"
Laboratoires de Physiologie de la Nutrition (447), et de Physiologie Compar&
"35 Kendal Street, London, W.2. June 10."
"Astbury Department of Biophysics, The University, Leeds 2."
"Children''s Medical Research Foundation, Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children, Camperdown, Sydney."
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds 2. June 28."
"Brewing Industry Research Foundation,Lyttel Hall, Nutfield, Redhill, Surrey."
 Pathology, and the &
"British Insulated Callender''s Cables, Ltd., Research Organization, 38 Wood Lane, London, W.12. Aug. 8."
"Department of Astronomy, University of Edinburgh"
"MRC Environmental Radiation Research Unit, Department of Medical Physics, The General Infirmary, Leeds 1.MRC Mineral Metabolism Research Unit, The General Infirmary, Leeds 1."
"Abteilung Pflanzenphysiologie, Botanisches Institut, Universit&auml
The Swedish Environmental Protection Board, Special Analytical Laboratory&
to, S&
x02014
x02013
n Jim&
"King''s College, London, W.C.2. June 22."
"Department of Anatomy and Histology, Lovanium University, L&
 Celestino Mutis Institute of Pharmacognosy, Higher Council for Scientific Research, Madrid. July 10."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Pharmaceuticals Division, Mereside, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire"
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Oct. 28."
x02018
 Department of Medicine, &
x0201D
x0201C
"University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Jan. 20."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 11."
Laboratoire de Physique Stellaire et Plan&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. Nov. 18."
"Department of Chemistry, Birkbeck College, London, E.C.4. July 27."
matologie, Institut Pasteur de Lyon."
pital Necker, 151 rue de S&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.Department of Zoology, The University, Liverpool. Nov. 29."
Present address: Institute of Animal Behaviour, 31 Fulton Street, Newark, New Jersey."
This work was done during the tenure of a Special Research Fellowship from the National Institutes of Health, Division of General Medical Sciences.&
"ARC Letcombe Laboratory, Wantage, Berkshire"
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, By Dundee."
Present address: II. Physiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Botany Department, University College, London, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
"Research Department, Wallace and Tiernan, Inc., Belleville, New Jersey."
Service des Mol&
International Paints Research Fellow."
 de Recherches du Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique. Present address : Laboratoire de Biologie G&
MRC Pneumoconiosis Unit, Penarth, Glamorgan&
"c/o Wellcome Institute of Comparative Physiology, Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London."
 de Diab&
"Laboratoire de Radiobiologie, Centre d''Etude de l''Energie Nucl&
"C.S.I.R. Virus Research Unit, Medical School, Cape Town.Department of Chemical Pathology and C.S.I.R. Protein Research Unit, Medical School, Cape Town."
"New England University, Armidale, New South Wales. Sept. 19."
"Department of Radiology, Faculty of Medicine, Tokyo University, Hongo, Tokyo.Radiobiology Division, National Cancer Center, Research Institute, Tsukiji, Tokyo."
Present address: Wool Industries Research Association, Headingley Lane, Leeds, 6."
tebory University School of Medicine, G&
Present address: Visiting Investigator, International Laboratory Molecular Biology Interferon System, Arnold Schwarz Hall Cancer Research, Sloan&
Present address: Division of Agricultural Chemistry, Central Agricultural Research Institute, Department of Agriculture, Gannoruwa, Peradeniya, Ceylon."
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. Dec. 6."
Mineralogisch-Petrographisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Standard Telecommunication Laboratories, Enfield, Middlesex. Aug. 12."
"The British Industrial Biological Research Association, Carshalton, Surrey."
 Division of Hematology&
"Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3, and Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12.Department of Clinical Chemistry, University of Edinburgh, Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh, 3."
"Fisheries Experiment Station, Conway, North Wales. Jan. 20."
"Department of Physiology, and Department of Pathological Physiology, Charles University, Hradec Kr&
Also Imperial Cancer Research Fund."
"Research Association of British Flour-Millers, Cereals Research Station, St. Albans. May 8."
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. Dec. 5."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield."
Office de la Recherche Scientifique et Technique Outre-Mer, Centre de Dakar, BP 1386, Dakar, S&
 Institut Jean Godinot, Universit&
benhavn."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra, A.C.T.Division of Electrotechnology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney, N.S.W. Feb. 11."
Chemistry Department, AEK., Ris&
"Department of Pharmacology, Kungl. Veterin&auml
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay. Oct. 19."
"Istituto di Istologia ed Embriologia, Facolt&agrave
ne-Bourg, Gen&
"Research Institute of Plant Physiology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Nov. 4."
"Pathology Department, Obstetrical and Gyn&
Present address: Baker Chemical Co., 222 Red School Lane, Phillipsburg, New Jersey 08865."
r Biologie, Abteilung Henning, Corrensstrasse 38, D-7400 T&
"Department of Geology, The University, Keele, Staffs."
rapeutique exp&
"Research Committee for the Cast Stone and Cast Concrete Products Industry, 105 Uxbridge Road, Ealing, W.5. Aug. 20."
"Radio Research Station, Slough, Bucks. July 7."
Poulton-le-Fylde College of Education&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Oct. 11."
 Biochemistry, Molecular and Cell Biology, and &
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks.Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"DRA Electronics Division, Royal Signals &amp
r Genetik und Mikrobiologie, LMU M&
"Division of Mycology and Plant Pathology, Bihar Agricultural College, Sabour, Bihar. Dec. 11."
"National Animal Experiment Station, Uppsala. Oct. 6."
Present address: University College of Wales, Department of Botany, Aberystwyth."
Institute for Cell Biology, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, ETH-H&
To whom correspondence is to be addressed."
r Str&
partement de Microbiologie et Immunologie, Universit&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. July 4."
Present address: Oxlynch, Stonehouse, Gloucestershire."
"Department of Mathematics, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London E1."
"Department of Physiology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. March 30."
pital Brugmann et de la Fondation Reine Elisabeth, Service du Prof. P. P. Lambert, Universit&
ochimie des Eaux, Universit&
"Dept. of Scientific and Industrial Research, Crop Research Division, P.B. Christchurch, N.Z. Sept. 12."
"Montreal Cancer Institute, Notre Dame Hospital, Montreal, P.Q."
"MRC Cell Biophysics Unit, Department of Biophysics, King''s College London, 26&
"Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire"
Anatomy and Developmental Biology, and &
tique, (INSERM) H&
nchen, Maria-Ward Strasse la, D-8000 M&
"Astrophysical Observatory, Kodaikanal. May 30."
o Paulo&
al, Montreal. Aug. 12."
Arthur Vining Davis Center for Behavioral Neurobiology and the &
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Nov. 10."
"Physics Department, University of Glasgow. Jan. 25."
"Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12. July 25."
n y Estudios Avanzados del Instituto Polit&
Department of Geology and Geophysics, &
"State Institute of Occupational Medicine, Budapest."
Departamento de Fisica Fundamental, Universidad Aut&
"Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Rahway, New Jersey. Sept. 17."
Department of Molecular Virology and Oncology, Cancer Research Institute and Departments of &
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh, 9.&
"Neurophysiology Laboratory, Psychiatric Research Unit, Rozelle, N.S.W."
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh, 9."
"Pharmacological Laboratory, Medicine Faculty, Bucharest."
 Radiation Oncology and &
"Centro di Studio per la Patologia Cellulare, Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
"Department of Histology, Medical Faculty, University of G&
"Levington Research Station, Ipswich, Suffolk."
ontologie, Universit&auml
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts
Howard Hughes MedicalInstitute and Departments of Microbiology and Immunology and &
"Ayerst Research Laboratories, 1025 Laurentian Blvd., St. Laurent, Quebec."
24
"Istituto di Chimica Fisica dell''Universita di Roma."
"Geologisch-Palaeontologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Advance Research and Development, International Computers and Tabulators (Engineering), Ltd., Stevenage, Herts."
Cattedra di Genetica Medica, Universit&agrave
"Esso Research Ltd., Abingdon, Berkshire."
"Department of Virus Research, Caroline Institute Medical School, Stockholm. Feb. 20."
"Department of Immunopathology, Scripps Clinic &amp
"Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1. Dec. 15."
Present address: Laboratoires de M&
Department of Ecology, L. Kossuth University, Egyetem t&
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
Istituto di Chimica Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Elstree. June 18."
"Materials Department, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire."
 Descartes, 67-Strasbourg."
"Davy Faraday Research Laboratory, Royal Institution, 21 Albemarle Street, London, W.1.&
"The Nickell Laboratories, Monsanto Chemicals, Ltd., Ruabon, Wrexham, Denbighshire."
"Faculty of Sciences, Free University, Brussels."
"National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda 14, Md. July 23."
"Science Research Council Radio and Space Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough."
Falk Cardiovascular Research Center and Department of Medicine, &
"Ditton Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Maidstone, Kent. March 31."
 Laboratory of Di&agrave
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork. Dec. 9."
"National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, and Laboratory of Parasite Chemotherapy, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 20."
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, London."
Supported in part by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration."
Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcestershire."
"The University, Southampton. Dec. 13."
dd. Versuchs-u. Forschungsanstalt f&
"Applied Physics Laboratory, Johns Hopkins University, Silver Spring, Md. Feb. 4."
"Endocrinological Institute, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, ul. Obr&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, NW7."
"Department of Physics,Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork."
Max Kade Fellow. Present address: Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut der Medizinischen Akademie, D&
MRC Biophysics Unit, 26&
g 47 D, S&
 To whom reprint requests should be addressed."
"5 Heather Lea Avenue, Dore, Sheffield."
, Academy of the Rumanian People''s Republic, Bucharest."
"Research and Development Department, The Distillers Co., Ltd., Epsom, Surrey. July 31."
"Department of Zoology, University of the Panjab, Hoshiarpur. July 2."
Present address: Facultad de Quimica, Universitad Nacional Autonoma de M&
"Fuel Research Institute, Dhanbad, Bihar. Nov. 27."
r Zellchemie, Munich."
"Hawksley Hydraulic Laboratory, Civil Engineering Department, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
rich. Dec. 20."
"Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.I."
Moritz&
"Laboratory of General Biology, University of Li&
"Corona Group, C. A. Parsons and Co., Ltd., Newcastle upon Tyne, 6."
"La Rabida&
"Hokkaido Central Agricultural Experiment Station, Naganuma-cho, Yubari-gun, Hokkaido."
rieux, Laboratoire Iffa, 254 rue Marcel M&
"Streatwick, Streat, Hassocks, Sussex."
 C. R. Greenberg, J. L. Hamerton &amp
"Histological Department, University of Uppsala. March 24."
"Medical Section, Schweiz. Forschungsinstitut f&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Limited, Akers Research Laboratories, Welwyn, Herts. Feb. 25."
"Standards Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Research Laboratories, The British Aluminium Co., Ltd., Chalfont Park, Gerrards Cross, Bucks. Feb. 28."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1. March 17."
"Department of Immunoh&
Pre-doctoral Fellow, National Cancer Institute."
Present address: Zoology Department, University of Cairo."
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow.Department of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow."
"Pathology Department, Cancer Institute, Toshima-ku, Tokyo 170"
ncias e Letras, Universidade de S&
Centre International de Recherches M&
ln, 5 K&
"National Institute for Medical Research, London."
teborg. March 20."
r Theoretische Astrophysik, Universit&auml
Joint Diseases Laboratory,&
ographic Physique, Universit&
andlmmunology&
"Centro Internacional de Agricultura Tropical, Apartado A&
 U. M&
"Research Laboratories, Hadfields, Ltd., Sheffield 9. Nov. 20."
mica y Farmacia, C&
Present address: Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27614."
diatrics, University College Hospital, Ibadan. June 3.&
"Service de Biochimie et de G&
"Department of Zoology, Westfield College, University of London.Laboratoire Arago, Banyuls-sur-Mer."
Departmentof Pathology, and &
"Department of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. July 2."
 Molecular Biology, &
"Biological Institute, Carlsberg Foundation, Copenhagen.Institute of Pathology, Sundby Hospital, Copenhagen. Nov. 25.&
a y Bromatolog&
6445
Centro di Studi Biochimici sul Morbo di Cooley, Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara, c/o Istituto Chimica Biologica, Universit&agrave
"University of Edinburgh, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh 3."
"Department of Animal Physiology, E&
"             &
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 4."
"Physical Institute, University, Oslo Sept. 16."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Division of Genetics and Molecular Hematology, Department of Medicine, and &
Department of Medical Biochemistry, University of G&
"5170 J&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London SW3."
Istituto di Farmacologia Medica, Universit&
"Permanent Magnet Association, Central Research Laboratory, Brown Street, Sheffield 1."
Submitted by F. M. DaCosta in partial fulfilment for the M.S. degree from Howard University."
"Laboratory of Structural Chemistry, Rijksuniversiteit, Groningen."
Present address: Acoustics Department, British Aircraft Corporation, Weybridge, Surrey."
a, and Faculty of Dentistry, University of Buenos Aires."
n, M&
"Department of Bacteriology, University Buildings, Foresterhill, Aberdeen."
"Department of Biopharmacognosy, School of Pharmacy, Purdue University."
"Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Feb. 10."
kophysiologie,Postfach 165, 24302 Pl&
"Department of Surgical Science, Medical School, University of Edinburgh."
"Geological Survey of Tanganyika, P.O. Box 69, Dodoma."
 B&
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Leyden.Department for Clinical Endocrinology and Diseases of Metabolism, University Hospital, Leyden."
g 61, Stockholm &
"Laboratory of the Government Chemist, Cornwall House, London, S.E.1."
"Department of Geology, University College, London WC1."
decine, 20, 1211 Gen&
"Physics Department, University College, Ibadan. May 13."
Division of Molecular and Developmental Biology, Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute and &
"MedizinischePoliklinik, &
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Section ofImmunobiology, &
"Research Laboratory, Department of Gyn&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Physical Chemistry, Melbourne.&
"International Institute of Genetics and Biophysics, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Naples"
partement de Biologie, CEN Saclay, BP No. 2, 91190&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Physical Chemistry, Melbourne."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 29&
"Department of Pathology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Departmentsof&
"Department of Physics, University of Sheffield, Sheffield"
"Physics Department, Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London W8 7AH&
"Botany Department, Faculty of Science, University of Cario. Aug. 6."
Laboratory of Cellular and Molecular Biology, National Cancer Institute and &
"Department of Medicine, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, Fulham Hospital, London, W.6."
"Clinical Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics Service, General Medicine Branch, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda 14, Md."
"High Voltage Laboratory, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1."
Neurology and Neurological Surgery, &
The Grange&
"Institut de Biochimie, Facult&
"Chemical Inspectorate, Windscale Works, Sellafield, Cumberland. May 27."
"Madras Christian College, Madras 600059"
rstr. 13, 8000 M&
"Institute of Chemistry, University of Uppsala. Oct. 21."
"East African Marine Fisheries Research Organization, Zanzibar. April 20."
"Balsg&
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
"Abteilung Zellphysiologie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of St. Andrews Medical School, Dundee.Department of Radiotherapy, Royal Infirmary, Dundee. July 20."
Swedish University ofAgricultural Sciences, S-901 83 Ume&
r Biotechnologische Forshung mbH, Mascheroder Weg 1, D&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and the Departments of &
o Paulo. July 27."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1P 5PR."
sica i Enginyeria Nuclear (Universitat Polit&
anologie, 310 All&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2."
trie Nucl&
"Clinical Research Unit, Alfred Hospital, Melbourne. Nov. 9."
"Clinical Research Centre, Watford Road, Harrow HA1 3UJ"
"Fulmer Research Institute, Stoke Poges, Bucks. Sept. 23."
"Departamento de Gen&
"Department for Spectroscopy, Central Research Institute for Physics, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest. Jan. 5."
"Service Central de Protection contre les Radiations Ionisantes (S.C.P.R.I.), and Facult&
 To whom all correspondence should be addressed"
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
"Laboratoire de Palynologie, Facult&
 di Catania. June 6."
"St Vincent''s School of Medical Research, Melbourne, Victoria."
n M&
lische Wilhelms-Universit&auml
cnicas de la Rep&
ilov, Czechoslovakia."
r allgemein Botanik, University, Zurich."
ttingen, D-34 G&
"Department of Physiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Rega Institute, University of Louvain. May 10."
54."
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock. Feb. 14.&
"Ciba Pharmaceutical Products, Inc., Summit, N.J."
"Department of Radiobiology, Centre d''Etude de I''Energie Nucl&
"National Agricultural Advisory Service, (Block &
"National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Nishigahara, Kita-ku, Tokyo. July 26."
 Co., Basle&
x02225
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr. Oct. 12."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, Medical Faculty, Charles University, Plze&
"Fruit Research Division, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Auckland, N.Z. Sept. 30."
Department of Experimental Botany, Botanisch Laboratorium, Leiden&
Department of Physiological Chemistry and Pharmacology, Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110&
"Botany Department, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.&
Fondazione A. Cesalpino and I Clinica Medica, Universit&agrave
"Forest Products Laboratory, CSIRO, Melbourne"
partment de Recherche Fondamentale, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"East Malling Research Station, Kent. Dec. 3."
"Departments of Chemistry and Zoology, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Aug. 10."
"Institute for Forensic Medicine, Humboldt University, Berlin."
"Devon Spel&
Centre for Overseas Pest Research, College House, Wrights Lane, London W8"
Department of Anatomy, School of Dental Medicine,&
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College, Prince Consort Road, London SW7"
"Department of Zoology, Patna University."
"Medical Research Council, Clinical Research Centre, Watford Road, Harrow, Middlesex HA1 3UJ"
 Joseph Fourier, Domaine Universitaire, BP 68, 38402 St Martin d''H&
t Berlin, 1 Berlin 41"
"Bland Sutton Institute of Pathology and Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, London, W.12."
"Department of Biological Sciences, Bradford Institute of Technology, Bradford, Yorkshire."
"Department of Anatomy, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Radiophysics, University Grounds, Sydney."
Department of Biology and&
tique et Pathologie Mol&
"Wantage Radiation Laboratory, Grove, Wantage, Berks. Oct. 22."
"Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974"
24, Universit&
"Central Research Establishment, National Coal Board, Cheltenham, Glos, Sept. 15."
To whom correspondence should be"
Present addresses: Institut f&
"Ross Institute, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.Colonial Insecticide Research Unit, Arusha, Tanganyika Territory. Aug. 5."
"Astronomical Institute of Czechoslovakia, Ond&
"Institut M&
"Department of Agricultural Technology,College of Agriculture, Krak&
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, Mass."
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, Mass.&
Instituto di Zoologia e Anatomia Comparata, Universit&agrave
 di Bologna. Nov. 4."
Division of Inorganic and Metallic Structure, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Institute of Genetics, University of Lund, S-223 62 Lund"
"Natural History Department, Marischal College, Aberdeen."
tique de 1''INSERM, Facult&
"Escola Nacional de Quimica, Rio de Janeiro. Nov. 19."
"Medical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital, W.2, and Electron Microscope Unit, Imperial Cancer Research Fund, London, W.C.2."
INRS-Oc&
Centre Armoricain d''Etude Structurale des Socles, (CNRS), Universit&
Drug Safety, and &
o Paulo, P.O. Box 2926, S&
"The London Hospital, Whitechapel, London E1 1BB"
partement de Biochimie, H&
MRC Cyclotron Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London W12&
mico e Geof&
"County Laboratories, Ltd., Stanmore, Middx."
dical Universitaire (Facult&
"Guest, Keen and Nettlefolds Group Research Laboratory, Lanesfield, Wolverhampton."
mes Polyphas&
Ma&
"Lankenau Hospital Research Institute, and Institute for Cancer Research, Philadelphia 11, Pa. March 17."
"Physics and Engineering Laboratory and &
"Department of Zoology, University of Kyoto. March 13."
r Teilchenphysik der ETH Zurich, ETH-H&
"Departments of Biological Chemistry &
"5 Windmill Hill, Hampstead, N.W.3."
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, Budapest."
"Linear Accelerator Laboratory, Mullard Research Laboratories, Redhill, Surrey.&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield, Sheffield S10 2TN"
"Institute of Atomic Physics, Casuta postal&
Geologisch&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh 9. April 9."
"ARC Animal Breeding Research Organization, Edinburgh.Moredun Research Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh."
"Department of Geography, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth, Cardiganshire"
 de Louvain.Service G&
"Laboratoire de G&
"Physics Division, Clarke, Chapman and Co., Ltd., Gateshead 8, Co. Durham."
 Libre de Bruxelles, B-1640 Rhode-Saint-Gen&
"Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Kingston Road, Leatherhead.Sir John Cass College, London, E.C.3."
"Department of Zoology, University College, London. Dec. 17."
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College (University of London), Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. April 16."
"F&
St. Luke''s Hospital, and College of Engineering, Chicago."
"Department of Ecological Botany, University of Ume&
DeWitt Wallace Research Laboratory, Sloan&
Clinical Research Centre Laboratories, National Institute for Medical Research, London NW7."
Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics, &
"Department of Geology, University of Glasgow."
"Entomology Research Institute for Biological Control, Belleville, Ontario."
"Kobayasi Institute of Physical Research, Kokubunzi, Tokyo. March 18."
"University Central Hospital, Haartmans Street 2B, Helsinki."
"Institute of Research for Cultural Properties, Ueno Park, Tokyo.Nihon University, Ekoda, Nerima-ku, Tokyo. May 26."
National Institutes of Health pre- and post-doctoral trainee in physiology (grant 5&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. March 27."
 d''Immunochimie, D&
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. March 6."
tiques de I''Enfant (INSERM U393), H&
Laboratory of Isotope Geochemistry, Geology Department, and &
"Research Institute for the Pharmaceutical Industry, Rottenbiller-u. 26. Budapest, 7. Aug. 23."
 Institute of Oceanographic Sciences, Wormley, Godalming GU8 SUB, Surrey"
"Atomic Energy Division, Geological Survey of Great Britain, Young Street, Kensington, London, W.8. Jan. 18."
"Electricity Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. May 20."
"Notre Dame Seishin University, Okayama."
 de      M&
"Infestation Control Division, Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Tolworth, Surbiton, Surrey."
"Department of Biochemistry and Agricultural Biochemistry, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth"
 di Roma."
. Sept. 18."
"Botany Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Hughes Aircraft Company Staff Doctoral Fellow."
"Electronics Laboratories, The University of Kent at Canterbury, Kent"
"Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, Shrewsbury, Mass.&
"Department of Chemistry, University, Leeds 2. April 26."
"Research and Control Institute of &
Biophysics Program, &
Department of Biochemistry and Drug Metabolism, Hoffmann&
oPaulo, Departamento de Astronomia, S&
-Weg 10, 50829K&
"Institute of Medical Genetics, Copenhagen N."
K3&
t. K&
"Department of Physiology, Chelsea College, London SW3."
 Molecular Biology, and &
 Departmentof Geriatrics and Adult Development, and &
"Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
r Biologie, Abteilung Infektionsbiologie, Spemannstrasse 34, 72076 T&
"Department of Biochemistry, School of Pharmacy, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow."
teborg, C. Dec. 3."
"Department of Atomic and Molecular Physics, University of Li&
decine, 1211 Gen&
Present address: Istituto di Zoologia, Universit&agrave
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Oct. 10."
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk"
ochmie Compar&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. May 22."
"Suffield Experimental Station, Ralston, Alberta. Jan. 9."
beck, D-24 L&
nchen, Goethestrasse 33, D&
Abteilung Neurochemie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"The Old Rectory, Stansfield, Suffolk."
"103 London Road, Knebworth, Herts."
"Department of Pharmacology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School. Paddington, London, W.2.Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, 29/39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1."
Organismic and Evolutionary Biology and &
r Milchwirtschaft, Weihenstephan/Post Freising, and Institut f&
"Astronomie et Syst&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, The Royal Hospital, Sheffield."
 Department of Vertebrate Paleontology, and &
"Geology Department, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
Molecular Physiology &amp
"Division of Immunological Products Control, National Institute for Medical Research, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Hampstead, London, N.W.3."
, Roma.Istituto di Microbiologia dell ''Universit&agrave
Present address: Lancing College, Sussex."
Present address: Institute of Physiology, Academy of Science, Salmovsk&
"Physics Department, University College, Achimota, Gold Coast.University of St. Andrews, Carnegie Laboratory of Physics, University College, Dundee. Jan. 15."
sthetics, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, W.C.2."
"Medical Research Council, Mineral Metabolism Unit.Renal Research Unit, The General Infirmary, Leeds."
Present address: Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield."
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow, and the Marine Station, Millport."
"Visual Research Division, Ophthalmological Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. September 22."
 Descartes, 45 rue des Saints P&
"J. and J. Colman, Ltd., Norwich.Queen Elizabeth College, London."
Department of Zoology, University of London King''s College, Strand, London WC2."
"Swedish Institute for Silicate Research, Gothenburg."
Present address: Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Tokushima, Shomachi, Tokushima 770."
"University of London Observatory, Mill Hill Park, London, N.W.7."
"Institute of Biological Chemistry and Enzymological Unit of Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, University of Padova, Padova."
"5 B&
"Division of Soils, CSIRO, Glen Osmond, SA 5064."
"Pharmacology Department, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Aug. 8."
"Laboratoire de Chimie biologique de la Facult&
Borok&
"Medical Research Council Group for Experimental Research in Inherited Diseases, University College, London. Dec. 17."
 To whom corresspondence should beaddressed."
"Space and Weapons Research Laboratory, Elliott Automation, Frimley, Camberley, Surrey."
"Anatomy Department, University of Glasgow. Oct. 18."
"Department of Microbiology, University of &
ge, 20 rue de Pitteurs, 4020 Li&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. May 19."
ochimie Isotopique, Centre Scientifique d''Orsay, Universit&
a, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad Aut&
Present address : Max-Planck-Institut f&
Supported by a Ford Foundation Grant."
I.N.S.E.R.M. U7&
rale, Facult&
"Institute of Internal Medicine of the Academy of Medical Sciences, Stefan cel Mare 19, Bucharest 10, Rumania."
Recipient of a U.S. Public Health Service research career programme award from the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness Xational Institutes of Health."
"British Food Manufacturing Industries Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead."
Present address: City Hospital, St. Albans, Herts."
"Tiergartenstrasse 21, Krefeld. March 5."
"Research Department, General Chemicals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Widnes Laboratory, Widnes. Jan. 14."
"The Royal Observatory, Blackford Hill, Edinburgh EH9 3HJTUK"
"Davy-Faraday Research Laboratory, Royal Institution, Albemarle St., London, W.1."
aire, Mol.&
Visiting investigator, Public Health Service Training Program (Grant 26&
"High Voltage Insulation Research Laboratories, A. Reyrolle and Co., Ltd., Hebburn, County Durham."
 libre de Bruxelles, B&
r Klinische und Molekulare Virologie, Universit&auml
"Department of Physiology, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. July 30."
"University College, Cardiff. April 20."
Sir John and Lady Higgins research scholar, Melbourne."
"Department of Zoology, St. Bartholomew''s Medical College,Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College,Department of Anatomy, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London. May 16."
"Institute of Medical Microbiology, University of Lund, S&
 Biozentrum der Universit&auml
"Division of Food Preservation, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, New South Wales. Jan. 31."
National Research Council postdoctoral research associate."
Present address: Meteorological Branch, Department of Transport, Toronto, Ontario.&
"Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"North Middlesex Hospital, Silver Street, London, N.18."
Research Fellow, Department of Pediatrics.&
"The Laboratory, Marine Biological Association, Plymouth. Nov. 27."
"Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin, Institute f&
"Physical Chemistry Department, University of London, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2. June 29."
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, WC2."
"Rutherford High Energy Laboratory, Chilton, Didcot, Berks."
"Instituto de Investigaciones Bioquim&
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Liverpool 3. Nov. 11."
"East Malling Research Station, East Malling, Kent. Nov. 4."
"Lymphocyte Biology Section, Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, &
Department of Physics, Imperial College, London"
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, by Dundee. June 6."
"Department of Dermatology, University of Lund."
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, Weybridge, Surrey."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, N.W.7. Nov. 5."
"Government Chemical Industrial Research Institute, Tokyo, 1-chome, Honmachi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo."
HM Prison, Wandsworth, London.&
Biochemistry, and &
"Institute for Nuclear Studies, University of Tokyo, Tanashi-machi, Tokyo."
Institut f&
Present address: Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh."
t, 74 T&
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London"
National Museum Centre for Prehistory and Palaeontology, Nairobi&
tM&
Present address: Department of Immunology, Institute of Dermatology, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, Homerton Grove, London, E.9.Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Laboratorio de Psicofarmacolog&
"West African Cacao Research Institute, Tafo, Gold Coast Colony. Jan. 20."
"Neuropsychiatric Institute, University of Naples, Policlinico, Naples."
"Hilger and Watts, Ltd., London, N.W.1.Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern,Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1."
"Centro di Studio per la Patologia Cellulare del Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, c/o Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
 de Montpellier I, 34033 Montpellier C&
"Department of Chemistry, Birkbeck College Research Laboratory, London, W.C.1. Aug. 25.&
Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Kjeller&
"Institute of General Physiology. Milan."
"Research and Development Division, Smith Kline and French Laboratories, Philadelphia 1. Aug. 31."
The Folkh&auml
 di Scienze MFN, Universit&agrave
"Botanical Laboratories, University of Allahabad. Feb. 10."
"93 Redington Road, London, N.W.3."
 di Napoli. Jan. 10."
partement de Pharmacochimie Mol&
"Electrical Engineering Department, University College, London, W.C.2. Jan. 4."
 Department of Oceanography &amp
tany, Czechoslovakia."
, Membrane Biochemistry&
matology, Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh.&
"Laboratoire de Pathologie g&
 London W.C.2. May 5."
"The British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Leatherhead Surrey."
 to who correspondence should be addressed."
"The Plessey Co., Ltd., Caswell Research Laboratories, Towcester, Northants."
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. Oct. 3."
62442
a, Instituto J. O. Hall, F. de Enciso 4250, Buenos Aires."
"Petrochemical and Polymer Laboratory, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd, Runcorn, Cheshire."
 Fakult&auml
"Clinical Chemotherapeutic Research Unit of the Medical Research Council, Western Infirmary, Glasgow. Dec. 20."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, Gower St., London, W.C.1. Feb. 11."
"Groupe de Biologie Marine, D&
Present Address: Department of Agricultural Chemistry, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
Kimron Veterinary Institute, Beit Dagan, Affiliated to the University of Tel-Aviv"
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. March 7."
 Pharmacology and Molecular Sciences&
r Angewandte Kernphysik, PO Box 3640, D&
Wellcome Pharmaceutical Research Fellow."
"Department of Zoology, University of St. Andrews.Dept. of Materia Medica and Pharmacology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff. Feb. 18."
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala. March 14."
Applied Superconductivity Center and&
bingen, Gmelinstrasse 5, 72076 T&
  L. D. Brown &amp
"Department of Pharmacology and The Bland Sutton Institute, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College, London."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, City and Guilds College, London, S.W.7.Speech Therapy Department, St. Mary''s Hospital, Paddington, and St. Thomas''s Hospital. Aug. 26."
"Royal Melbourne Technical College, Melbourne, Victoria."
Institut d''Embryologie Cellulaire et Mol&
"Cancer Research Unit, University of Sheffield."
"Pharmacology Laboratories, School of Pharmacy, Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Dec. 20."
 Libre de Bruxelles, Bruxelles 16.&
Department of Pharmacology, Program in Biomedical Science, School of Medicine and &
"Research Department, Pharmaceuticals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
"Departments of Forensic Medicine and Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, Alexandria. Oct. 1."
r physikalische Chemie der Akademie der Wissenschaften der DDR&
 Department of Biochemistry and &
"Department of Internal Medicine, University of Cologne."
"Chemistry Laboratory III, H. C. &
"British Gelatine and Glue Research Association,2a Dalmeny Avenue, Holloway, London, N.7.Aug. 5."
"Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Aug. 25."
"Decca Radar, Ltd., Walton-on-Thames, Surrey."
Immunology, &
"Department of Bacteriology and Immunology and Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"Division of Sea Fisheries, Cape Town.National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Surrey."
"Department of Physics Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. March 28."
8368
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3."
"Department of Physics, Technion&
"Biochemistry Department, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1.Galton Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1.Department of Genetics, University of Naples. June 5."
"Department of Applied Mathematics, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London E1"
Research Laboratories of the State Alcohol Monopoly (ALKO), 00101 Helsinki 10&
r Neurobiologie, Universit&auml
On leave from the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment."
"Departments of Pathology, The Chicago Medical School and Mount Sinai Hospital, Chicago."
"Museum of Natural History, Genoa."
"Queen Elizabeth College, University of London, London, W.8."
 Division of Health, Science and Technology, and &
"Department of Chemistry, Dundee College of Technology."
"Fisons Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Research and Development Laboratories, Loughborough."
"Laboratoire de Neurophysiologie g&
"Department of Botany, Freiburg im Breisgau."
 d'' Immunocytochimie, D&
cological Department of the Cancer Centre, State University of Ghent. July 25."
"HERT Tissue Culture Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow. June 26."
"Department of Geology, Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh 1."
Aldo Pontremoli&
"Research Centre for Astronomy and Applied Mathematics, Academy of Athens."
"Radio Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Slough, Bucks. March 18."
"Virus Laboratory, Sericultural Experiment Station, Suginami-ku, Tokyo."
t des Saarlandes, Homburg/Saar, and Stazione Zoologica, Napoli."
"Institute of Laryngology and Otology, 330 Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1."
decine Lariboisi&
"Department of Medicine, State Institute of Oncology, Budapest."
r Virologie der Medizinischen Fakult&auml
Istituto di Geofisica, Dipartimento di Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Department of Internal Medicine, Hippocratean University Hospital, University of Athens School of Medicine."
"Corpus &
"East Mailing Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent. May 30."
"Research Institute for Scientific Measurements, Sendai."
"Department of Biophysics and MRC Biophysics Research Unit, University of London, King''s College, 26-29 Drury Lane, London, WC2.&
 Department of Pharmacology, &
trie de Masse, Institut de Chimie G&
"Department of Chemistry, Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London, W.C.2."
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 16."
65 Chandos Place, London WC2N 4HH&
"Nematology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Oct. 31."
ge. June 21."
ts-Frauenklinik, W&
"Biology Department, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. June 3."
te de Biologic Mol&
University of Rhodesia, Salisbury, Rhodesia&
Present address: Centre de Recherches sur les Macromolecules, 6 rue Boussingault, Strasbourg. C.N.R.S. Fellow, 1962&
"Department of Palaeontology, Institute of Geological Sciences, Ring Road, Halton, Leeds LS15 8TQ"
, Budapest, 124."
"Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, Long Island, N.Y. Jan. 27."
"Metallurgy Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington."
Institute f&
"Department of Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
"Butterwick Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn, Herts. May 25."
Department of Botany, Imperial College, University of London"
"Biochemistry Unit, Wool Textile Research Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Sept. 15."
e Royal de l''Afrique Centrale, Tervuren.Service de G&
trographie, Facult&
"Laboratorium voor Isotopen-Geologie, De Boelelaan 1085, Amsterdam."
r Mikrobiologie, Theodor-Boveri-Institut f&
"Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. Jan. 30."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.The Nature Conservancy, Merlewood Research Station, Grange-over-Sands."
 Laboratory of Radiobiology andEnvironmental Health, Programs in&
"University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina."
SCK, B&
"Battersea College of Technology, London."
mica Aplicada, Instituto Nacional de Tecnolog&
"Division of Biochemistry, University of Lucknow, Lucknow, U.P."
"Department of Physiology, University of Sheffield.&
nyi National Tuberculosis Institute,Institute of Medical Chemistry, University, Budapest. Dec. 28."
"Department of Physiology, University of Sheffield."
"Ortho Research Foundation, Raritan, New Jersey."
Present address: Department of Botany, University of Delhi."
 de Montpellier&
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. Feb. 16."
"Department of Parasitology, Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, Pembroke Place, Liverpool."
r Pal&auml
mungsforschung, 34 G&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Butterwick Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. April 4."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Nagpur."
"Research Station, Entomology Section, Harrow, Ontario. July 3."
Istituto di Fisiologia Generale&
niversitesi, Deniz Bilimleri ve Teknolojisi Enstit&
"Laboratoire d''Anthropologie, Institut Royal des Sciences Naturelles de Belgique, Bruxelles."
"Department of Limnology, Academy of Natural Sciences, Philadelphia 4."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.East African Virus Research Institute, Entebbe."
"Medical Biophysics Branch, Whiteshell Nuclear Research Establishment, Pinawa, Manitoba"
"Dept. of Materia Medica and Therapeutics, University, Glasgow, W.2. Jan. 18."
Rockefeller Foundation Post-doctoral Fellow."
sica de Andaluc&
Present address: Zoology Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Botanical Institute, University of Cologne. Feb. 16."
4&
"Chemistry Department, The University, Exeter."
Present address: Chemistry Department, Ris&
Braigh Varr&
"Department of Mathematics, University of New England, Armidale, NSW 2351.&
"Laboratoire de Biochimie, Institut sup&
"British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, 48 Tewin Road, Welwyn Garden City. April 27."
23193
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abteilung Molekulare Entwicklungsbiologie, Am FaBberg, Postfach 2841, W-3400 G&
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts."
Laboratorie de Mod&
t, Munich."
"Grassland Research Station, Drayton, Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire. Nov. 20."
"Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Lenton Experimental Station, Nottingham.&
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry,&
 Centre Geologique et Geophysique-CNRS, Universit&
"RAF Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hampshire."
"Edinburgh School of Agriculture, West Mains Road, Edinburgh."
dissavn, Thorshavn.Mineralogisk Museum, Universitetet, K&
"Department of Chemistry and Biology, Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cardiff."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Gower Street, London."
Postdoctoral fellow of the National Heart Institute, U.S. Public Health Service."
RAF Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hampshire.&
 Commissariat &agrave
"Institut de Chimie G&
mica y Departamento de Neurobiolog&
 College of Physicians and Surgeons
Department of Pathology, Institute for Medical Immunology, and&
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. June 6."
"Centre Armorician d''Etude Structurale des Socles, Avenue du G&
, Athens."
"Gas Research Laboratory, Department of Coal Gas and Fuel Industries with Metallurgy, University, Leeds 2. July 12."
 Neurobiology, &
"The Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, 183&
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Ophthalmology, University of London."
"Institute of Biochemistry, Faculty of Natural Sciences, J. E. Purkyn&
"Post Office Engineering Department, Research Branch, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2."
Service de Chimie des Biomol&
"Department of General and Comparative Physiology, Vienna University Medical School, Vienna."
matology, Charing Cross Hospital, Medical School, London, W.C.2."
r Angewandte Botanik, der Technischen Hochschule M&
La Roche &amp
dicale, Nancy.&
s, Marseille 5&
a y Bioqu&
"Istituto Regina Elena per lo Studio e la Cura dei Tumori, Roma."
Department of Geology and &
"Botany Department, University of Edinburgh."
"Searle Research Laboratories, High Wycombe"
"Mathematics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Academic Unit in Neurology, Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London, W.C.1. June 11."
"Department of Bacteriology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. Feb. 8."
"National Animal Experiment Station, Uppsala 7. May 7."
l Hospital, Oslo. Dec. 6."
"1University of London Institute of Archaeology, 31&
"Universitetets Mikrobiologiske Institut, Copenhagen.&
"J. F. and C. Heymans Institute of Pharmacology, University of Ghent Medical School, Ghent."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, Glaxo Laboratories, Greenford, Middlesex."
"Department of Pharmacology, Fisons Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., Holmes Chapel, Cheshire."
tre de recherches &agrave
"Department of Genetics, University, Glasgow, W.2. Oct. 2."
"University Chemical Laboratory, Canterbury, Kent"
"National Institute for Medical Research, Holly Hill, London NW3 6RB"
Present addresses: Department of General Physiology &amp
"Institute of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry, University of Stockholm. Dec. 20."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Jan. 11."
 11Department of Geological Sciences, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London NW1, UK
tssternwarte, D-3400 G&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 20."
vancarova 35, Brno."
"I, Belgy&
Institute of Plasma Physics and &
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield, Sheffield.Department of Zoology, St Bartholomew''s Medical College, London."
"Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Immunochemistry, Institute of Immunology and Experimental Therapy, Polish Academy of Sciences, Wroclaw."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.Medical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.2."
Lehr und Forsch f&
"IBM Research Division, Almad&
"Department of Physics, Space Structure Research, University College, London."
"Brown Trout Research Laboratory, (Scottish Home Department), Faskally House, Pitlochry, Perthshire. Aug. 4."
Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. Jan. 1."
"N.V. Philips-Duphar Agrobiological Laboratory &
nster/Westfalen."
"Marine Biological Laboratory, PlymouthBee Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden."
ice, &
Neurological Institute and &
Battista Grassi&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Westminster Medical School (University of London), London, S.W.1. April 17."
r Biologie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Imperial College Field Station, Ascot, Berkshire."
"Department of Chemistry, Loyola College, Madras. June 9."
INSERM U-99, H&
"University Pathology Department, Western Infirmary, Glasgow."
Unidad de Paleontolog&
"Meteorological Office, Air Ministry, Kingsway, London, W.C.2."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Stockholm. Dec. 17."
matology, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W. 12."
"London Hospital Medical College, Dental School, Turner Street, London, E.l."
dio-Astronomia e Astrofisica (CRAAM), Universidade Mackenzie, R. Itamb&
"Department of Biology as Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"Microbiological Department, L&auml
Research Fellow, British Empire Cancer Campaign."
 Laboratory of Molecular Medicine, Children''s Hospital, &
ttskemiska Laboratorium, Stockholm 60.Cliniques Universitaires Universit&
ochimie et de M&
Department of Surgery,&
"Pharmacology and Physiology Departments, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London."
"Hatfield College of Science and Technology, Hatfield, Herts.William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Marine Station, Millport. May 17."
"ARC Unit of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh.Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh."
"Centre de Biologia Molecular (CSIC), Universidad Autonoma de Madrid, Cant&
dic Hospital, Hans Knudsen''s Plads 3, Copenhagen."
"Department of Pathology Research Laboratories, Albert Einstein Medical Center, Northern Division, Philadelphia."
"13 Avenue Gardens, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Department of Physics, King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2.Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London, N.W.3."
Zoology Department and &
lectronique, Unit&
Boekesteyn&
 Medicine, &
Service d''H&
"Castle Yard, Portmeirion, Penrhyndeudraeth, Merioneth."
District Medical Officer, Eastern Outer Islands, Santa Cruz, BS1P&
"Regional Research Centre, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad. Feb. 2."
cl&
"Woodstock Agricultural Research Centre. &
"Department of Histology, University of Lund."
 Libre de Bruxelles, 1640 Rhode St. Gen&
r Anatomie und Physiologie der Haustiere, Universit&auml
rovice, Kol&
oara, Romnia."
"National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi, 12. Oct. 23."
Laboratoire de Tectonophysique, Universit&
"Laboratorio de Fisiolog&
&curren
"C.S.I.R.O. Sheep Biology Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales."
"Astronomy Group, Physics Department, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, University of London. Jan. 5."
"Bel&
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth, Sharnbrook, Bedford."
"Department of Geology, University Science Laboratories, South Road, Durham."
Applied Geophysics Unit and &
"School of Biological Sciences, The University, Leicester"
"Department of Parasitology, Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, Liverpool L3 5QA."
"Ferodo, Ltd., Chapel-en-le-Frith, via Stockport, Cheshire. March 6."
Institute de Astrof&
Department of Earth Sciences, Faculty of Science, University of Yaounde, BP 812, Yaounde, Cameroun&
"Radiobiology Department, Centre d''Etude de l''Energie Nucl&
"English Electric Co., Atomic Power Department, Whetstone, Leicester."
"Section of Biophysics, Onderstepoort. April 2."
To whom reprint requests should be addressed"
"Schering Corporation, Bloomfield, New Jersey."
 Bodensee."
Montr&
"Microbiological Research Establishment, Experimental Station, Porton, Nr. Salisbury. Jan. 9."
"Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Kirkhill, Ayr. Sept. 7."
U.S. Public Health Service trainee.&
 de recherches du Fonds National Belge de la Recherche Scientifique. (Permanent address: Laboratoire de Morphologie Animale, Brussels.)"
"Materials Division, Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Aug. 28."
partement de Sciences Biologiques, Universit&
"The Nature Conservancy, 19 Belgrave Square, London, S.W.1."
School of Science, University of Waikato, Hamilton&
"Northern Forensic Science Laboratory, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"McIndoe Memorial Research Unit, Queen Victoria Hospital, East Grinstead, Sussex."
"Department of Physics, University of Lund. Feb. 27."
"Nuffield Unit for the Investigation of Pyrrole Pigment Metabolism, Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.I. June 11."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Institute of Neurology, London, W.C.1.Blood Products Laboratory, Lister Institute, Elstree, Herts. Feb. 11."
"Department of Botany, Government Hamidia College, Bhopal. Aug. 25."
partement de Biologie, Universit&
"Dept. of Virology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1.Dept. of Pathology, Royal National Throat, Nose and Ear Hospital, London."
Laboratory of Viral Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, and &
"Bedford College, Regent''s Park, N.W.1."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Jan. 3."
Lederle Laboratories Summer Fellow."
Queen Victoria Museum, Salisbury."
Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcestershire&
Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcestershire"
"3 Hill View Road, Mapperley, Notts. May 23."
"Research Department, General Chemicals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Widnes Laboratory, Widnes. May 25."
ts-Klinik, Mainz."
Please address reprint requests to Y. T."
"Departments of Biophysics&
"Department of Natural History, University of St. Andrews."
Department of Medicine, School of Medicine,&
Department of Chemical Pathology, St Bartholomews Hospital Medical College, London EC1A 7BE&
"General Electric Research Laboratory, Schenectady, N.Y. Jan. 28."
Departments of Chemistry and Microbiology, Queen Elizabeth College, London&
Dermatology Branch and &
"Department of Growth and Development, Institute of Child Health, University of London, 30 Guilford Street, London WC1N 1EH"
"Institute of Medical Microbiology, University of Aarhus, 8000 Aarhus C"
"Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London, W.C.1. Oct. 30."
"Napier Shaw Laboratory, Meteorological Office, Air Ministry, Dunstable. April 27."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks. Dec. 14."
tudes de Physiologie Nerveuse et d''&
"Department of Histology and Embryology, University of Glasgow Veterinary School, 83 Buccleuch Street, Glasgow, C.3. Nov. 15."
ts-Kinderklinik, Freiburg im Breisgau."
"National Radio Astronomy Observatory &
Laboratoire de P&
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7.&
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7."
"Eduard-Zintl-Institut der Technischen Hochschule, Lehrstuhl f&
"Department of Inorganic and Structural Chemistry, University, Leeds 2. Nov. 10."
Forstzoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Biological Chemistry,Department of Agricultural Chemistry, Escola Superior de Agricultura Luiz de Queiroz, Universidade de S&
"Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Botany Department, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. April 13."
University Institute of Pathological Anatomy, Copenhagen&
Bundesanstalt f&
 Child Psychiatry Branch, NIMH, &
J. Stefan Institute&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cork. Jan. 14."
"Zoological Institute, University of Stockholm."
"The Institute for Cancer Research, Experimental Section, of the German Academy of Sciences, Berlin&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Feb. 1."
decine et de Pharmacie, Marseille.Commissariat &
"Neurology Service, Veterans Administration Lakeside Medical Center
"Istituto di Genetica, Facolt&agrave
"University College, London W.C.1."
"MRC Thrombosis Research Group, Department of Pharmacology, Royal College of Surgeons, London."
Department of Microbiology/Immunology, and &
"Centre of Microbiology &amp
Departments Biogeography and Geomorphology and&
Mammalian Genetics Laboratory and &
Fachklinik Hornheide Universit&auml
"Coffee Berry Disease Research Unit, Scott Agricultural Laboratories, P.O. Box 30028, Nairobi."
t, Mainz. March 8."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.&
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London WC1."
 de Rennes, Institut de G&
Laboratorio de Fisiolog&
r Biologie, Abteilung Immungenetik, Corrensstrasse 42, D-7400T&
Carpentaria Exploration Co. Pty Ltd, PO Box 321, Bathurst, NSW&
Physical Resource Theory Group and &
 Center for Neurobiology and Behavior, &
"National Swedish Environment Protection Board, Environmental Toxicology Unit, Wallenberg Laboratory, University of Stockholm, S&
"Microbiology Department, St. Xavier''s College, Bombay. August 1.&
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala. Dec. 9."
"North London Blood Transfusion Centre, Deansbrook Road, Edgware, Middlesex.Medical Research Council Blood Group Reference Laboratory,Medical Research Council Blood Group Research Unit, Lister Institute, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1. Dec. 13."
"East Midland Forensic Science Laboratory, Nottingham."
CSIRO Division of Entomology, PO Box 1700, Canberra City, ACT 2601&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Nov. 19."
"MRC Virology Unit, Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow"
"Metrology Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 14."
"Rockmount Hotel, Tunbridge Wells, Kent."
"Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Veterinary Laboratory, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey. Oct. 6."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Institute of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, University of Buenos Aires, Laboratory for Cell Metabolism, C.N.E.A."
Max-Planck-Institute f&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, West Ham College of Technology, Stratford, London, E15."
Present address : Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children, Camperdown, New South Wales."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot."
"Hearing ResearchLaboratory, Department of Communicative Disorders &amp
Geophysics Program, &
dio-Astronomia e Astrof&
r Elektronenmikroskopie der Freien Universit&auml
52, awarded on recommendation of the Committee on Growth, U.S. National Research Council."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Coal Research, Chatswood, Now South Wales.&
"Organisch-chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo, Tokyo. June 6.&
"the Canadian Collaborative Study Group&
"Department of Physiology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, University of London.&
"1st Medical Clinic, Medical Faculty, Charles University, Plzen.Computer Centre, Skoda Works, Plzen.Institute of Social Medicine, Medical Faculty, Charles University, Plzen.Institute of Medical Physics, Medical Faculty, Charles University, Plzen."
Dominion Astrophysical Observatory, Victoria, BC"
 Istituto di Fisiologia Umana, Universit&agrave
Dominion Astrophysical Observatory, Victoria, BC&
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. March 4."
micas, Madrid 3."
"Agricultural Research Council, Letcombe Laboratory, Wantage, Berkshire"
"Galton Laboratory, University College, London."
r Urgeschichte Universit&auml
"Agricultural Research Council Unit of Insect Physiology, 24 Leazes Terrace, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. July 23."
 and Section on Biochemistry and Pharmacology, Biological Psychiatry Branch&
"Department of Botany, Deshbandhu College, University of Delhi, New Delhi 19."
r Radiumforschung, Vienna. July 13."
"Experimental Oncology Laboratory, Radiation Therapy Department, Johannesburg General Hospital. Feb. 10."
Biochemistry Division, National Cancer Center Research Institute, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104"
Laboratory of Systemic Diseases of Blood,&
"Wellcome Institute of Comparative Physiology, Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London NW1 4RY&
"Laboratoire d''Histologie et Biologie tissulaire, Facult&
"Zoological Laboratory, Helsinki University."
Department of Chemistry, Rhodes University, Grahamstown&
"Clinical Laboratory, St. Erik''s Hospital, Stockholm. Nov. 27."
"Department of Clinical Chemistry, University, Edinburgh. Aug. 9."
Department of Molecular Physics, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
Organic Geochemistry Unit, School of Chemistry,&
"Institut Interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucl&
"Rutherford High Energy Laboratory, Chilton, Berkshire."
Service de Biologie Veg&
"Centre Oc&
"Joint Mycology Laboratories, Departments of Botany and of Chemistry, University of Glasgow."
"Biological Department, Ciba, Ltd., Basle. Oct. 5."
"Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London, W.8."
"Institute of Medical Genetics, University of Wales College of Medicine, Heath Park, Cardiff CF4 6EJ,UK &
rienne, Facult&
"National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Public Health Service, and Department of Health, Education and Welfare Research, Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709."
"Department of Anatomy, Guy''s Hospital, London, S.E.1."
"Departments of Pharmacology and Clinical Biochemistry, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm. June 17."
On leave from: Laboratoire de Physiologie Compar&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cardiff. March 3."
pital des Enfants Malades, 149 rue de S&
"Geodetic Control Division, Ordnance Survey Office, Leatherhead Road, Chessington, Surrey. Dec. 15."
r extraterrestrische Physik, 85740 Garching bei M&
"Radcliffe Observatory, Pretoria, S. Africa. March 20.&
"Centre de Recherche sur L''insuffisance R&
"Peking Institute of Plant Physiology, Academia Sinica, Laboratory of Plant Physiology, University, Peking. Dec. 15."
"Division of Food Preservation, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, New South Wales."
"University College, Cardiff."
"Second University Clinic of Internal Medicine, Kommunehospitalet, &
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Jan. 17."
dico Pedagogique d&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy and Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Dec. 4."
 Geoff Brown died tragically in the eruption of Galeras volcano20 on 14 January 1993."
w."
"Laboratorio de Biolog&
zolt&
Supported in part by a grant from the John Polachek Foundation.&
"Istituto di Richerche Farmacologiche &
"Optics Section,Research Department, British Broadcasting Corporation, Kingswood Warren, Tadworth, Surrey. March 3."
"Poultry Research Centre, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. July 15."
 Genetics, Children''s  Hospital, and&
Scholar of the Polish Ministry of Health 
56
pital Universitaire Brugmann, 4, Place Van Gehuchten, and Laboratoire de M&
kovi, Zagreb, Bijeni&
"Research Laboratory, General Electric Company, Schenectady, N.Y. June 15."
Dipartimento di Matematica, Universit&
Eidgen&
"Glasshouse Crops Research Institute, Littlehampton, Sussex."
To whom correspondence should be addresed"
Present address: Department of Surgery, University Hospitals of Cleveland."
 Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Postfach 2841, D-37018 G&
"CRA AM/ON/CNPq&
"Department of General Zoology, Copernicus University, Toru&
"Bengal Engineering College, Sibpur, Howrah, West Bengal. Jan. 9."
"Departments of Experimental Medicine&
 di Palermo. Jan. 8."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. Dec. 13."
"Istituto di Microbiologia and Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
"Department of Oceanography, University, Liverpool 3. March 19."
"Institute for Brain Research, University of Z&
"Institute of Biology and Entomology, Tokyo University of Agriculture, Tokyo."
"Botany Department, University, Leeds 2. Oct. 23."
partement de Biologic mol&
cology, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Queens College, Flushing, N.Y. Aug. 9."
Fachbereich Geowissenschaften, Universit&auml
"Institute of Atomic Physics, Bucharest, Rumania.Jaroslav Heyrovsk&
"Escuela de Ciencias Geogr&
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics and&
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne.Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Nov. 29."
Program in Cell and Molecular Biology and Departments of&
terfy-S. Street Hospital, Budapest."
"Imperial Chemical-Industries, Ltd., Nobel Division, Research Department, Stevenston, Ayrshire.Chemistry Department, University, Glasgow. Feb. 20."
Atomic Energy Control Board.&
"Department of Histology and Embryology, Medical University, Budapest. July 26."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. April 5."
r Anatomie und Zellbiologie, Universit&auml
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berkshire. April 23."
 Laboratoire deP&
"Division of Hepatic Metabolism and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Seton Hall College of Medicine and Dentistry, Jersey City, New Jersey."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
"Swedish Institute for Food Preservation Research, Gothenburg."
gi&
dic Hospital, Stanmore,Middlesex."
r Physikalische und Theoretische Chemie, Technische Universit&auml
Institute for Advanced Study, and &
rienne, Service des ana&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Westminster Medical School, London, S.W.1."
cole des Hautes &
6347
 de Lausanne, 1011 Lausanne."
"Department of Histology and Embryology, University of Glasgow Veterinary School, 83 Buccleuch Street, Glasgow, C.3. Jan. 9."
"Cereal Crops Division, Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa, Ont. Sept. 14."
"Chemistry Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Institut for Almen Geologi, &
"Department of Agriculture, Rydalmere, New South Wales."
"Research Laboratory, Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Crawley, Sussex. Feb. 9."
ndungspharmakologie&
The Physiological Laboratory and&
"University Department of Medicine, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow."
      Biomedical Sciences and &
Permanent address: Microbiological Institute, Bulevar JNA10, Belgrade."
z, Czechoslovakia."
Present address: Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. June 17."
 To either of whom correspondence should be addressed.&
Present address : Wright Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Astronomy Group, Physics Department, Imperial College London"
 de M&
"Battersea College of Technology, Battersea Park Road, London, S.W.11."
reux&
 To whom correspondence should be addressed at Heidelberg."
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. July 29."
 Molecular Immunology Group&
Dipartimento di Scienze della Terra dell''Universit&agrave
"Institute for Medical Research, Copewood Street, Camden, New Jersey 08103"
"Joint Mycology Laboratory, Departments of Botany and Chemistry, University of Glasgow."
 and Departments of Pathology and Chemistry&
"Marine Biological Association, Plymouth"
"Department of Genetics, John Innes Institute, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts."
"Zoological Station and International Laboratory of Genetics and Biophysics, Naples."
"Academy of Science of the DDR, Jena, DDR"
"Department of Organic Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, London, S.W.7. Aug. 22."
ll&
, Troms&
"Physiology Department, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2."
"High Temperature Group, Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Plant Protection, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berkshire."
"Physiology Department, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
Genetik Institut, Universit&auml
"Radar Research Establishment (Ministry of Supply), Malvern, Worcs. March 1."
veloppement, Universit&
"Department of Physiology, University College of Khartoum. April 23."
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley Lane, Leeds 6."
To whom correspondence should addressed"
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. May 14."
"Chemistry Department, Heriot-Watt College, Edinburgh. Jan. 4."
"The Marine Biological Association, The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. Jan. 30."
Lockheed Palo Alto Research Laboratory, Department 91&
"Royal Danish School of Pharmacy, Botanical Department, Copenhagen. March 8."
"Department of Neurochemistry, Max-Planck-Institute for Psychiatry and &
Died March 22, 1966."
r Mittelenergiephysik der Eidgen&
"Departments of Biochemistry and Dermatology, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. July 20."
"Tropical Products Institute, London."
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Psychiatry, The Maudsley Hospital, London."
Laboratoire de Diab&
"Institute of Diseases of the Chest, Brompton Hospital, London, S.W.3.National Institute for Research in Dairying."
r Genetik und f&
Institute of Bio-Organic Chemistry and &
r Limnologie, Pl&
"Anatomy&
r Molekularbiologie und Tumorforschung der Philipps-Universit&auml
"Veterinary Research Laboratories, Mpwapwa, Tanganyika. March 2."
"Estacion Experimental, Institute Nacional de Tecnologia Agropecuaria, Balcarce, Provincia de Buenos Aires, The Argentine.&
"Physiologisch&
"Swedish Institute for Food Preservation Research,G&
"Dominion Observatory, Ottawa. June 30."
"Section G&
r Biologic, Universit&auml
"Biologisches Institut II der Universit&auml
Requests for reprints."
"Dept. of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. July 22."
"Laboratory for Organic Chemistry, University of Ghent. Jan. 18."
"Department of Polymer Science and  Engineering, and &
 Research, Ltd., Sittingbourne, Kent. May 30."
"Associated Electrical Industries Research Laboratory, Aldermaston, Berkshire. April 20."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire.&
INSERM-Unit&
"Laboratoire de Pathologie et de Th&
Present address: Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Plant Industry, Canberra."
Marine Geoscience Unit and &
Laboratory of Structural Biology and &
"Department of Medicine, Department of Surgery, University of Edinburgh.Statistical Research Unit of the Medical Research Council. May 30."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratory, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 14."
 Sanders-Brown Research Center on Aging, &
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station (Laboratories of Vitamins, Ltd.), Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey. Dec. 31."
"Electrical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Jan. 12."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, University of London."
"Division of Resources Utilization Studies, Central Arid Zone Research Institute, Jodhpur."
"Department of Botany, King''s College. London.&
Lamont-Doherty Geological Observatory and &
Anatomie Compar&
193 Euston Road, London, N.W.1. April 14."
"Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Department of Supply, Melbourne. Oct. 21."
School of Chemical Sciences and &
"Institutes of Basic Medical Sciences, &
Department of Physiological Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Teikyo University, Sagamiko, Kanagawa 199&
r Allgemeine Botanik, Technische Hochschule, Z&
"Divisions of Biophysics, Clinical Investigation and Clinical Chemotherapy, Sloan-Kettering Institute
r Chemische Pflanzenphysiologie der Universit&auml
"Department of Histology and Cell Biology and Department of Clinical Chemistry, University of Ume&
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Incorporated, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974."
lich, PO Box 1913, D-1570 J&
The G. W. Hooper Foundation, and &
"Defence Science Laboratory, Hillside Road, New Delhi. Aug. 9."
omatique,  &
"The Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1."
t des Saarlandes, 66 Saarbr&
Geographic Medicine, and &
"Middlewood Hospital, Sheffield."
"Division of Biologies Standards, and National Cancer Institute, Department of Health, Education and Welfare, U.S. Public Health Service. Dec. 15."
r Entwicklungsbiologie III, Spemannstr. 35, 74 T&
"Physiological Laboratory, Medical College, Agra. June 14."
Special Fellow. U.S. Public Health Service, Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School."
"Department of Psychology, University of Sheffield"
"Second Department of Medicine, University of Budapest, Budapest, 8.&
"Postgraduate Medical School, London, W.12. July 25."
"Slovak Academy of Sciences, Endocrinological Institute, Bratislava. Oct. 10."
8, Leningrad-22, U.S.S.R."
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemannstrasse 35/111 D-7400 T&
 Medicine, and&
"Upper Atmosphere Section, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Camden, N.S.W. April 1."
"Dept. of Chemistry, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3."
"Developmental Biology Research Centre, Randall Institute, Division of Biomedical Sciences, King''s College, 26&
Present address: Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut G&
 u Prahy, Czechoslovakia."
"Department of Physiology, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London WC1."
ck, D-4500 Osnabr&
"Zoology Department, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota. Nov. 12."
"Department of Technical Microbiology and Biochemistry, Chemical Faculty of the Slovak Polytechnical University, Bratislava."
Istituto di Patologia Medica dell''Universit&agrave
On leave of absence from the World Health Organization, Geneva.&
"Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, Philadelphia 4, Pa.Lederle Laboratories, Pearl River, N.Y."
"Trypanosomiasis Research Unit, Department of Bacteriology, University of Edinburgh."
"Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow. Sept. 21."
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey."
Laboratorio per Ricerche Radiometriche applicate alla Geocronologia e alla Paleoecologia, Pisa&
orologie Dynamique, Ecole Normale Sup&
tale, Universit&
"Laboratoire d''Anthropologie Physique, &
"Metals and Ceramics Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory&
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Forest Products, 69&
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, Newport Road, Cardiff. Sept. 29."
Address for correspondence: Department of Medicine, M&
Correspondence to this author"
"Division of Animal Health and Production (Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization), McMaster Laboratory, Glebe, N.S.W. March 19."
Laboratoire de Microbiologie, Facult&
culaire, Ecole Normale Sup&
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7. Dec. 21."
Uithof&
Friedrich-Miescher-Laboratorium der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse 37, D-7400 T&
Present address: Department of Anatomy, University of Arkanas Medical Center, Little Rock."
 de Recherches de Physio-pathologie H&
lich, PO Box 1913, D-5170 J&
Beit Memorial and New College Guinness Research Fellow."
Dipartimento di Biologia Cellulare e dello Sviluppo, Sezione Scienze Microbiologiche, Universit&agrave
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Feb. 20."
"High Voltage Laboratory, Queen Mary College, University of London.&
"High Voltage Laboratory, Queen Mary College, University of London."
bingen, Auf der Morgenstelle 28"
Now at Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, N.J."
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, South Melbourne, S.C.4. Dec. 11."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London."
"The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. Sept. 23."
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Applied Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Jan. 7."
"The Laboratory, Marine Biological Association, Plymouth. Jan. 23."
 Institut Necker, Unit&
"Department of Microbiology, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London."
dicale, Plateau de Brabois, 54500 Vandoeuvre-Les-Nancy&
"Institute of Ophthalmology, London, W.C.1.Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Sept. 28."
Radiocarbon Unit, Scottish Universities'' Research and Reactor Centre, East Kilbride, Glasgow&
"New South Wales Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, Sydney. April 29."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. April 30."
"Institute of Plant Physiology, University of G&
"Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology &amp
 Biophysics&
"Department of Anatomy, San Francisco Medical Centre, San Francisco 22."
Lowell M. Palmer Foundation Research Fellow."
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft."
"Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft.&
"Department of Human Physiology and Department of Professional Disease, Medical School, University of Naples."
Present address: Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Research Department, Chemistry Division, Island Street, Nottingham."
"Royal Navy.Wernher Research Unit on Deafness, Medical Research Council. Kings College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5"
"Zootomical Institute, University of Stockholm. Oct. 13."
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London.Department of Anatomy, Royal Free Hospital, School of Medicine, London."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Akers Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Oct. 11."
"Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Bracknell, Berks. June 1."
Departments of Biochemistry and Pharmacology, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow C1."
"Section on Neuroendocrinology, Laboratory of Developmental Neurobiology, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and &
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. April 5."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh"
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Imperial College, London SW7."
 and Botany&
"Department of Bacteriology,Clinical Chemotherapeutic Research Unit of the Medical Research Council,Department of Natural Philosophy, The University, Glasgow, W.2. March 31."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Science, Bombay 1. July 7."
"Agricultural Research Council Systemic Fungicides Unit, Wye College,Department of Horticulture, Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent. April 21."
"ICI, Limited, Industrial Hygiene Research Laboratories, Alderley Park, Cheshire."
partement de Botanique, Universit&
"Defence Research Kingston Laboratory, Kingston, Ontario."
Department of Laboratory Medicine&
Auckland Institute and Museum, Auckland"
r Physik, G&
"The Tropical Products Institute, 56/62 Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Legal Medicine, University of Tokyo, Hongo, Tokyo."
t, D-463 Bochum-Querenburg, Buscheystrasse (Postfach 2148)&
Now at Medical Professorial Unit, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, E.C.1."
"Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, N.S.W. Aug. 20."
"Astrophysical Institute, University of Li&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at Martinsried."
"Department of Physics, Academy of Medicine, Gda&
 Division of Immunology, Duke Medical Center, Durham, North Carolina 27710."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. April 3."
"Chemistry Department, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Private Bag 167H, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Sheep Husbandry Department, Massey Agricultural College, Palmerston North. Oct. 9."
Medical Research Council Scholar.&
al,Qu&
Biology and &
Biosystematics Research Institute, Department of Agriculture&
"Department of Geology, University, St. Andrews."
 Department of Biophysics and Biochemistry, Faculty of Science,University of Tokyo, Hongo, Bunkyo&
r Experimentelle Medizin und Bindegewebsforschung, Universit&auml
"Wellcome Laboratories of Experimental Pathology, Variety Club Research Wing, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2&
Laboratory of Viral Diseases, and &
"Technical Physics Department, T.N.O. and T.H.,X-Ray Department of the Laboratory of Technical Physics,Laboratory of Technical Botany, Delft. May 30."
"Medical Research Council Unit for the Experimental Investigation of Behaviour, Department of Psychology, University College, London."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, Newport Road, Cardiff."
t, Frankfurt-am-Main.II. Med. Universit&auml
50"
Retinoid Chemistry, and &
"Department of Dental Medicine, Guy''s Hospital, London, S.E.1. Aug. 30."
, R. E. Tanzi&
 Department of Pathology, Barnes-Jewish Hospital, and &
"Research Institute for Plant Protection, Budapest.Institute of Agriculture, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Martonv&
Department of Neurology and Institute of Experimental Audiology, University ofM&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. July 9."
Present address : Marine Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth."
Now at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
. March 23."
"Laboratory for Microbiology, and Technical Physics Department T.N.O. and T.H., Delft. May 16."
 de Neurobiologie et Pharmacologie, U. 109 de I''lnserm, Centre Paul Broca, 2 ter, rue d''Al&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Food Science Division, Food Research Institute, Colney Lane, Norwich"
Departments of Zoology&
ologie, 70&
r Verhaltensforschung, Fakult&auml
stav, Bc&
"Physics Department, London Bridge, S.E.1.&
"Schweppes Research Laboratories, Hendon, London, N.W.9. April 24."
5291."
"Organic Chemistry Laboratories, Department of Chemistry, Gauhati University, Assam."
7, K&
 di Agraria, Universit&agrave
sseldorf, Universit&auml
Present address: Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam."
"Chemistry Department, University College, Cork. Feb. 17."
"Clinique de Dermatologie, H&
"Department of Clinical Neurophysiology, Institute of Psychiatry, Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5."
Moredun Research Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh.&
"Agricultural Research Council, Poultry Research Centre, West Mains Road, Edinburgh"
"Institut for Plant Physiology, J&
Institute de Geologia Jaime Almera, Marti i Franqu&
"Diamond Research Laboratory, P.O. Box 916, Johannesburg. May 13."
 Research Ltd, Thornton Research Centre, PO Box 1, Chester."
"British Medical Postgraduate School, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
Department of Pathology, Brigham and Women''s Hospital and Harvard Medical School, &
r biophysikalische Chemie, Am Faberg, D-3400 G&
Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, D-3400 G&
"Laboratoire des Leuc&
"Tobacco Pest Control Research Scheme, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia. Aug. 20."
Laboratoire de Neurophysiologie, Universit&
"Westminster School, London, S.W.1."
Internal Medicine (Cardiovascular Division),&
 UPMC, Laboratoire de Petrologie&
"Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent. May 20."
micas, Madrid."
MRC Blood Group Unit, The Lister Institute, Chelsea Bridge Road, London SW1.&
t, Berlin.&
"Departments of Electron Microscopy and Microbiology, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London SW1"
Fellow of the U.S. Public Health Service."
Also at Service d''Electronique Physique, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Division of Pathology, National Cancer Centre Research Institute, Tsukiji, Chuoku, Tokyo 104"
Ravensbourne,&
"Department of Physiology, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
"Institute of Oceanographic Sciences, Bidson Observatory, Birkenhead"
re des Affaires Economiques et des Classes Moyennes, Bruxelles. Feb. 27."
s, Associ&
"Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics and &
ophysique, Universit&
"Department of Insecticides and Fungicides, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Nov. 18."
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. Nov. 25."
"Research Department of Laboratorio P.E.V.Y.A., Molins de Rey, Barcelona."
Growth Control and Development, &
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo."
"Research Department, Unilever, Ltd., Port Sunlight. Aug. 16."
"Departments of Psychology, Birkbeck College and University College, University of London."
 d''Endocrinologie Cellulaire et Mol&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Jan. 29."
"Institute for Medical Genetics, Uppsala."
 di Milano.Istituto di Zoologia della Universit&agrave
"Research and Development Division, Smith Kline and French Laboratories, Philadelphia 1. May 5."
"Department of Paediatrics and &
"Zaklad Chemii Fizjologicznej Akademii, Medycznej, Lublin.Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Camille Dreyfus Laboratory, Research Triangle Institute, Post Office Box 12194, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina."
, P. Roques&
 Sigfus Johnsen&
7374
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Jan. 8."
"Post Office Engineering Department, London, E.C.1. Dec. 8."
U.S. Brewers Association Research Consultant."
"Geologisk Institut, C. F. M&
Biochemistry and Biophysics and &
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, G.P.O. Box 4331, Melbourne. March 11."
"Marine Station, Millport, Isle of Cumbrae. Dec. 16."
"Dr. I. Cantacuzino Institute, Bucharest, Roumania."
"Institute of Biological Chemistry of the University of Modena and Department of Biology of the Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"Ravenshaw College, Cuttack."
"Surgical Unit, St. George''s Hospital, London."
"Wellcome Laboratory of the Unit of Clinical Investigation, Royal North Shore Hospital of Sydney, Crow''s Nest, New South Wales."
tsklinik und Poliklinik (Tumorforschung), D&
"Ross Institute of Tropical Hygiene, Keppel Street, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.&
"Division of Wood Technology, Forestry Commission of New South Wales, 96 Harrington Street, Sydney. Nov. 19."
M. E.M&
"20 Trebovir Road, London, S.W.5."
r Physiologische Chemie, Universt&auml
"Istituto di Chimica Farmaceutica dell'' Universit&agrave
"Department of Meteorology, 54&
 Division of Neurobiology, Department of Neurology and Neuroscience, and &
Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow W2"
"Biophysical Institute, Academy of Sciences, Brno, Czechoslovakia. April 18."
"Danmarks Fiskeri- og Havunders&
"Division of Immunological Products Control, National Institute for Medical Research, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London NW3"
"Department of Biological Sciences, Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent."
 de Recherches sur les An&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute,and&
 and Medical Academy, Cracow. June 2."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London,London, W.C.1."
"Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow.&
"Chemical Inspectorate, Ministry of Supply, Block A, Station Approach Buildings, London, S.E.3."
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Center for Learning and Memory, Center for Cancer Research, and &
Deceased July 18, 1974.&
"Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"British Soya Products, Ltd., 150/2 Fenchurch Street, London, E.C.3. Jan. 12."
matology, Postgraduate Medical School, London.&
Present address: MRC Unit of Reproductive Biology, 39 Chalmers Street, Edinburgh."
r Anorganische Chemie &
"Department of Molecular Biology, King''s Buildings, May field Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JR"
"Department of Applied Mathematics, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Dec. 2."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London. July 4.&
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire. Aug. 13."
Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology and Cell Biology and&
Present address: Department of Mining and Mineral Technology, Imperial College, London SW7&
rimentale de l''H&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 17."
"Bedford College, University of London. Dec. 17."
res, Avenue de Concyr, Orl&
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin. Nov. 14."
"Chemische Absteilung der Medizinischen Forschungsanstalt der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, G&
"Finsenlaboratory, Copenhagen."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts. Nov. 29."
tica Humana, Faculdade de Filosofia, Universidade do Paran&
Abteilung Biophysik, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Institutesof Human Anatomy at the Universities of &
Correspondence to: A. C. C., Department of Zoology and Comparative Physiology, Queen Mary College, University of London, Mile End Road, London E1 4NS."
"Institute of Chemistry, Madrid."
"Clinical Pathology Department, Ain-Shams University, Abbassiah School of Medicine, Abbassiah, Cairo."
"Lab Hormones, Inserm U 33, 94270 Bic&
"Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories and Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London W6."
"Laboratory of &
ti, &
"Research Institute for Heavy Chemical Industries, III., Homokos d&
"Abteilung Physiologie, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Department of Geology, University College, Nairobi."
 des Usines Chimiques Rh&
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemannstr. 35, D-74 T&
"Water Pollution Research Laboratory, Langley Road, Watford, Herts. March 4."
Biology Carcinogenesis Program, National Cancer Institute&
 Max-Planck-Institute for Psychiatry, Department of Neurochemistry and &
en, Frankfurter Strasse 107, D-6300 Gie&
"Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Sept. 7."
Virology &amp
"Textile Research Institute, Princeton, New Jersey. Feb. 6."
t Regensburg, Universit&auml
 di Milano, Milan."
"Laboratory for Physical Chemistry, University of Ghent. Sept. 5."
Department of Biochemical Nutrition, Hoffman-La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey 07110&
"Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario."
"Department of Genetics, Faculdade de Medicina de Ribeir&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. George''s Hospital, London, S.W.1. June 3."
Present address: Distillers Co., Ltd., Research and Development Dept., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey."
"Budapest. Jan. 16."
Present address: Fachbereich Biologie der Philipps, Universit&auml
 Division of Geological and Planetary Sciences, 170&
"Central Institute for Industrial Research, Blindern, Oslo. March 6."
"British Railways Board Research Department, Engineering Division, London Road, Derby."
ntgenring 11, D-8700 W&
"Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory&
"Aske Research, Ltd., London, W.l."
ontologie Vert&
aires de Saclay."
On leave from the Institute of Physics, University of Aarhus."
nica, Centro de Biof&
04."
04.&
Physics and &
"Department of Soil Science, Levington Research Station, Ipswich.&
"11 Kyverdale Road, London, N.16."
"Department of Physics Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Oct. 21."
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Limited, Aldermaston, Berkshire. June 25."
rperphysik ETH Z&
MPI f&
National Science Foundation, Science Faculty Fellow."
"Eastfield Lodge, Whitchurch, Pangbourne, Berks. Nov. 29."
Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology and &
"Secao Investigacao Cientifica, Banco Sangue P.D.F., Rio de Janeiro.Laboratorio Paulista Biologia, S&
"University Observatory, St. Andrews. August 5."
ologie et de M&
"Medizinische Poliklinik und Medizinische Klinik der Universit&auml
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, (Biological Division), Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent. June 10."
 To whom correspondence should be addressed. &
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. July 7."
"The Lautenberg Center for General &amp
"Pfizer Limited, Sandwich, Kent."
"Department of Geology, University of New England, New South Wales."
"C.S.I.R.O. Sheep Biology Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales.&
Present address: Department of Physics, Rutherford College of Technology, Newcastle upon Tyne 1."
"Pharma&
Centre d''Ecologie et Physiologie Energ&
te 277 Institut National de la Sant&
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. March 28."
"Research Laboratories, British Aluminium Co., Ltd., Chalfont Park, Gerrards Cross, Bucks. Jan. 5."
stav hygieny pr&
Department of Enzyme Chemistry and Metabolism, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"MRC Microbial Genetics Research Unit, Department of Molecular Biology, University of Edinburgh."
"Mineralogisches Instutit der Universit&auml
Carnegie Research Scholar."
Holder of the Michael Polak Research Scholarship in Ophthalmology."
Departments of Genetics,&
"Department of Physiology, University College, Gower Street, London WC1."
"Animal Acoustics Group, Sir John Cass College, London."
"Research Association of British Flour Millers, Cereals Research Station, St. Albans."
"Oncology-H&
"School of Biological Sciences, The University, Bradford, Yorkshire BD7 1DP"
ti 2, March 24."
Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Laboratories of Dead Sea Works, Ltd., Jerusalem and Negev Institute for Arid Zone Research, Beer-Sheva."
"Department of Soil Science and Chemistry, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad, B.W.1. Sept. 15."
"Entomological Branch, New South Wales Department of Agriculture, Sydney. March 4."
 Molecular Genetics and Cell Biology&
MRC Developmental Neurobiology Programme and &
 di Roma, Centro di Studi della Microcitemia e della Anemie Microcitemiche, Roma."
"Department of Physics, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 24."
Department of Pediatrics, School of Medicine, University of Rotterdam, Rotterdam&
 4, avenue de Bois-Pr&
Research Associate, U.S. National Academy of Sciences&
"Biology Division, Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Bombay, 8."
s et de Pal&
"Joint Mycological Laboratories, Departments of Botany and Chemistry, University of Glasgow."
DESICP, D&
"Institute for Theoretical and Physical Chemistry, University, Graz. Oct. 10."
mica Inorg&
"Department of Botany, King''s College, London."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough. June 29."
Beit Memorial Fellow."
trologie et G&
University Department of Surgery, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow C4"
 MRC Muscle &amp
"Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Sept. 7.&
"Department of Geology, South Road, Durham."
mies et Maladies du Sang, UER d''H&
 ut 1, Budapest, 12."
"Bataafse Internationale Petroleum Maatschappij N.V., Royal Dutch/Shell Group, The Hague."
 St J&
"Laboratory of Human and Comparative Anatomy, University of Ghent. Jan. 30."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh.&
"Biochemistry Department, Institute of Science, Bombay. Oct. 19."
Present address: Department of Neurology, University of Budapest, Budapest, 8."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh."
, Glasgow.&
"National Research Council, Ottawa. April 1."
 Departments of Physics,  and &
Participation in this investigation made possible by grant NB&
"Charing Cross Hospital, London, W.C.2. May 20."
Present address: Department of Ceramics with Refractories Technology, University of Sheffield."
Technical assistance expert of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Vienna."
"Physique de la Mati&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Animal Health, Glebe, New South Wales."
"Department of Histology, Univeristy of Lund. June 20.Research Department, A.B. Leo, H&auml
02619&
"University Department of Surgery, Glasgow Royal Infirmary.&
"Botanisches Institut Universit&auml
31862
us. Sept. 2."
"Agricultural Research Council Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College (University of London), Nr. Ashford, Kent. June 29."
 Gene Expression Laboratory and &
t, Berlin, und Abteilung f&
"Research Chemistry Branch, Chalk River Nuclear Laboratories, Chalk River, Ontario."
"Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research, Inc., Yonkers, N.Y.Soils Department, Rutgers University. July 23."
t Bonn, Poppelsdorfer Allee 49, 53 Bonn"
Physiology and Biophysics, and &
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. April 26."
"University Institute of Forensic Medicine, Copenhagen."
"Department of Metallurgy, Imperial College of Science and Technology, Prince Consort Road, London, S.W.7. April 4."
"E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., Explosives Department, Eastern Laboratory, Gibbstown, New Jersey. Oct. 3."
"Department of Geology, University of Glasgow. June 1."
Present address: University College, Cardiff CF1 1XL."
"University Institute for Medical Chemistry, W&auml
"Department of Pathology, Royal Albert Edward Infirmary, Wigan."
"Queen''s College, Dundee."
National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex&
Instituto di Astronomia-Universit&
"Grassland Research Station, Stratford-on-Avon. Jan. 10."
culaire, URA 1191, Case Courrier 12
Laboratory for High Energy Astrophysics, NASA&
"Strickler Root Laboratory, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia."
979
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay, Matunga, Bombay 19. Feb. 15."
ge. April 17."
"Department of Microbiology, Institute of Freezing Technology, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. June 27."
Institute of Laryngology and Otology, 330&
 Immunology Branch, National Cancer Institute and &
"Zoological Institute, University of Lund. Jan. 29."
Department of Clinical Genetics, Karolinska Hospital, and Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Sabbatsberg''s Hospital, Stockholm&
"Wool Textile Research Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Geelong, Victoria. May 30."
"National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi 12. May 4."
rening, Sval&
"Royal Dental Hospital School of Dental Surgery, Leicester Square, London."
GEOMAR, Forschungszentrum f&
r Naturwissenschaften, Lehrstuhl f&
"Physics Department, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the National Institute for Medical Research."
"Laboratory for Microbiology, Faculty of Science, State University, Ghent."
Present address: Development Section, Birds Eye Foods, Ltd., Great Yarmouth."
ejov, Czechoslovakia."
Hamburger Sternwarte, 205 Hamburg 80, Gojenbergsweg 112"
Centre Hospitalier Universitaire, Universit&
"Welsh School of Pharmacy, Cathays Park, Cardiff."
"Research and Development Department, Distillers Company, Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey. Dec. 4."
LPSP, BP 10, F-91371 Verri&
"Laboratory of Molecular Immunoregulation and &
"Department of Physics, University of Keele.Rolls-Royce Ltd, Composite Materials Research Department, Old Hall, Derby."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, and Bland Sutton Institute of Pathology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
dicate des Saints-P&
"Isotope Applications Unit, Wantage Research Laboratory, Wantage, Berkshire.National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
Laboratoire d''Etude des Particules Inhal&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
"Laboratoire de Chimie bact&
"Laborat&
Permanent address: Faculdade de Odontologia de Ribeir&
Lock Research Fellow of the Royal Society of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, Grower Street, London."
"Research Laboratories, Frank W. Horner Ltd, Montreal&
779
"Department of Zoology, Birkbeck College, London, W.C.1.&
"Faculty of Science, University of Khartoum."
"Physics Department, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3.&
"Department for Research in Industrial Medicine (Medical Research Council), The London Hospital, Whitechapel, E.1.&
"Research Department, Distillers Co., Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London. Oct. 22."
Imperial Cancer Research Fund, Tumour Immunology Unit, Department of Zoology, University College, London&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Health and Production, Sheep Biology Laboratory, Prospect, N.S.W. Oct. 28."
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead, Berks. Sept 3."
"Laboratorio di Geologia Nucleare, Comitato Nationale della Ricerche Nucleari, Universita di Pisa.Laboratoire de Physique Nucl&
"Imperial College, London, S.W.7.Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock. July 27."
"Chemical Department, Carlsberg Laboratory, Copenhagen.&
 Service d''H&
"Central Laboratory, Dutch State Mines, Geleen. Dec. 19."
a, Centro de Investigaci&
"University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Dec. 11."
Predoctoral trainee supported in part by a training grant (2G-404(C1)) from the National Institutes of Health.&
"Ministry of Technology, Hydraulics Research Station, Wallingford, Berkshire."
Present address : CIBA Pharmaceutical Products, Inc., Summit, New Jersey."
"Centre d''Oc&
"Department of Chemistry, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2. Oct. 11."
"St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.C.2."
culaire et Cellulaire, (Unit&
r Molekularbiologie und Tumorforschung, Philipps-Universit&auml
 Physics Department, University ofDurham, South Road, Durham DH1 3LE,UK&
"Meteorological Office, London. Oct. 11."
University of Glasgow, Wellcome Laboratories for Experimental Parasitology, Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden Road, Bearsden, Glasgow G61 1QH and Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, Western Infirmary.&
"29 Wharfedale Avenue, Birkenhead, Cheshire."
"Istituto di Genetica, Via Celoria 12, Milano. Feb. 19."
rimentale et Compar&
Present address: Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, University College, London."
"University of Edinburgh, Grant Institute of Geology, Edinburgh EH9 3JW"
Physiological Flow Studies Unit, Imperial College, London SW7&
"Mullard Research Laboratories, Salfords, Nr. Redhill, Surrey."
On study leave from the Kobayasi Institute of Physical Research, Kokobunzi, Tokyo."
"Botanical Institute of the Slovak Academy of Sciences, Department of Pathological Physiology, Bratislava."
nchen, D-8046 Garching/M&
"British Leather Manufacturers'' Research Association, Milton Park, Egham. Jan. 15."
Department of Earth &amp
"Istituto di Fisiologia Umana dell''Universit&agrave
s de la R&
International Scientific Relations Division, Department of Education and Science, Africa House, Kingsway, London WC2B 6BD&
"Research and Development Department, Distillers Company, Limited, Epsom, Surrey. May 2."
Graduate Fellow of the Universidad Nacional de Buenos Aires."
vision Ionosph&
"MRC Clinical and Population Cytogenetics Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh EH4 2XU"
Institute of Earth Sciences, Academia Sinica, PO Box 23&
Bell Laboratories, Holmdel, New Jersey 07733&
GEOTOP, Universit&
"Beecham Research Laboratories Ltd., Research Division, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3.&
DRF-RM, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
Present address: Department of Communication, University of Keele, Keele, Staffs."
"Center for The Study of Early Events in Photosynthesis and Department of Chemistry &amp
Present address: M.R.C. Unit, Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College, London."
"Chemical Physics Division, Unilever Research Laboratory, Port Sunlight."
a, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad Cat&
"Department of Bacteriology, University of Sheffield."
Laboratoire de Physiologic de la Reproduction&
"Department of Physiology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755&
"Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee"
"St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London EC1"
Now at Medical Research Council Rheumatic Research Unit, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berks."
"The British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, 48&
Present address: Bacteriology Section, Unilever Research Laboratory, Sharnbrook, Bedford."
r Immunologie, Medizinische Klinik, Universit&auml
"93 Redington Road, London, N.W.3. May 13."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science, London, S.W.7. July 6."
gico del Sur, Ingeominas, Apartado A&
 di Milano."
 di Milano.&
"Nobel Institute for Physics, Stockholm 50. July 5."
rapeutique, Universit&
"Department of Systematic Zoology, University of &
dicas, and Instituto de Qu&
Chemical Institute Boris Kidri&
ophysique de l''Environnement, BP 96 38402 St Martin d''H&
HowardHughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry, Robert Wood JohnsonMedical School, University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, 675 HoesLane, Piscataway, New Jersey 08854-5635,USA&
"Department of Biochemistry, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. Sept. 9."
dicale, &
"Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Rahway, New Jersey, U.S.A."
 d''immunog&
Present address: Sokolsk&
r biologische Kybernetik, Spemannstr. 38, 74 T&
A.I.D. participant from the University of Athens."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Physical Chemistry, Chemical Research Laboratories, Melbourne."
Department of Child Health, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London W12"
Present address: Service d''Hematologie, H&
Laboratory of Organic Chemistry, University of Leiden, Leiden&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Edinburgh. July 29."
"Institutes of General and Special Physiology and Biological Chemistry, of Normal Anatomy, and of Infectious Diseases, Veterinary Medical School, Naples."
r biophysikalische Chemie, Postfach 2841, D-3400 G&
FB16&
895
"European Research Associates s.a., 95 rue Gatti de Gamond, Brussels. June 27."
04 from the Institute of Neurological Diseases arid Blindness, U.S. Public Health Service."
CISM-GNSM-Dipartimento di Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, Ribeir&
"Department of Bacteriology, The University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow. Aug. 4."
 Present address: H. Foster &amp
Present address: Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
"Division of Applied Physics, National Research Council, Ottawa. Aug. 27."
"Department of Animal Reproduction, College of Agriculture and Veterinary Medicine, Nihon University, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo"
 Biological Research, Goedecke AG, Mooswaldallee 1&
"Petroleum Division, BP Research Centre, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
"Department of Physiology, University of T&
British Empire Cancer Campaign Fellow."
"Royal Agricultural Society, Cairo."
"Institute of Analytical Chemistry, University of Stockholm.Swedish Water and Air Pollution Research Laboratory, Stockholm."
 Department of General Biology, University of S&
"Wright-Fleming Institute, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
pital de la Salp&
"Zentralinstitut f&
-241, Universit&
"Agricultural Research Station, Department of Agriculture, Tamworth, New South Wales."
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 10."
rienne, Institut Pasteur, Garches, Seine et Oise. July 23."
Department of Geophysics, Imperial College, London&
BECC Unit of Radiobiology, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middlesex."
Dr. J. Waddell died in November 1966."
"The Research Laboratories, Fisons Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., Holmes Chapel, Cheshire."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Health and Production, Sheep Biology Laboratory, Prospect, New South Wales."
"Department of Medical Chemistry, Darbhanga Medical College, Laheriasarai, Bihar. April 24."
"Department of Spectroscopy, Battersea College of Technology, London."
"Research Laboratories, Electric and Musical Industries, Ltd., Blyth Road, Hayes, Middlesex."
 Microbiology &amp
"Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo."
Department of Chemical Pathology, St Mary''s Hospital London"
"Department of Botany, Imperial College, London SW7&
Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, 94F Villejuif.&
"University Department of Pathology, Western Infirmary, Glasgow, W.1."
"Institute of Physiology, School of Medicine, University of Nagoya. Feb. 27."
"Research Department, Socony Mobil Oil Co., Inc., Paulsboro, New Jersey."
ln, Abteilung f&
"Institute of Neurological Sciences, University of Leyden."
 Departments of Pediatrics, &
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
"McMaster Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parramatta Road, Glebe, Sydney, and Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London."
r Psychiatrie, Kraepelinstrasse 2, D-8000 M&
Max-Planck-lnstitut fur Metallforschung, Institut f&
Department of Botany, and &
 GETAID: Groupe d''Etude Th&
tre, 94270 Le Kremlin Bic&
"Chemistry Department, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne.Chemistry Department, University College, London, W.C.1. Nov. 3."
"Division of Mammalogy, Transvaal Museum, Pretoria. Nov. 11."
Now at Institut Laue-Langevin, BP156 Centre de tri, 38042 Grenoble Cedex."
"Department of Biological and Therapeutic Chemistry, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&
"Kutsaga Tobacco Research Station, Tobacco Research Board of Southern Rhodesia, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Vision Research Unit, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
"Natural History Department, Marischal College, Aberdeen. Feb. 27."
INSERM Unit 127, H&
Diagnostics Pasteur, 3 Bd. R. Poincar&
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12.&
"Medical Research Laboratories, Charing Cross Hospital, London, W.C.2. March 26."
"Research Laboratory No. 5, Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1."
138 Hill Street, Glasgow, C.3. May 23."
"Central Agricultural Research Station, Mount Makulu, P.O. Box 7, Chilanga, Northern Rhodesia."
 Biochemistry and Biophysics and &
t z&
Hydroisotop, W&
"South London Transfusion Centre, 38 Stanley Road, Sutton, Surrey."
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Chemotherapeutic Research Centre, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey RH3 7AJ"
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Immunology and &
 AppliedResearch Corporation,&
"Rolls-Royce, Ltd., Aerophysics Laboratory, Littleover, Derby. June 22."
"Metallurgy Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. April 14."
tsklinik, M&
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1."
Diabetes trainee, U.S. Public Health Service."
 Laboratoryof Immunobiology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Departmentsof &
 The Ernst Boehringer Institute, 5&
"Institute of Physical Chemistry, University of Basle. Nov. 30."
"Department of Pathology (University of Glasgow), Glasgow Royal Infirmary."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2. June 11."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, University of Nijmegen."
"15 Sandwell Mansions, West End Lane, London NW6"
 Departments of Neuroscience&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, N.W.7.Human Nutrition Research Unit, Mill Hill, N.W.7."
r Genetik, Johannes Gutenberg-Universit&auml
Physikalische Chemie FB9, Bergische Universit&auml
Institut Pasteur, 92&
"Atlantic Regional Laboratory, National Research Council, Halifax, Nova Scotia."
"Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
 di Messina."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. June 11."
"Department of Civil Engineering, Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.1."
 Energy, Kinshasa, Zaire"
"Biochemical Laboratory, Royal Samaritan Hospital, Glasgow. Jan. 11."
"Department of Fisheries and Forestry, PO Box 490, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario."
rzburg, Josef-Schneider-Strae 11, D-97080 W&
tsspital, Sternwartstrasse 2, 8091 Z&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 4."
"Laboratorio de Biofisica, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"Hydraulics Research Station, Howbery Park, Wallingford, Berks."
Present address : Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Grupo de Astrof&
"School of Pharmacy, Portsmouth College of Technology, Portsmouth."
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College (University of London).&
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Sydney, N.S.W. Dec. 22."
r Pflanzenern&auml
"Istituto Anatomia Comparata, Universit&agrave
n."
"Aerodynamics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 14."
Astronomisches Institut der Universit&auml
3149
"Institute of Space and Aeronautical Science, University of Tokyo.&
"Institute of Nuclear Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh. Sept. 5.&
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Laboratories, Ottawa. Sept. 17.&
"Botany Department,Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow."
"Institute for Cancer Research and The Lankenau Hospital Research Institute, Philadelphia, Pa."
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, State University of Ghent.Department of Pathology, State University of Leiden."
"Research Laboratories, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. July 21."
"British Glass Industry Research Association, Sheffield, 10."
"Escola Paulista de Medicina Departamento de Psicobiologia, Rua Botucatu, 862, 04023 S&
"University of Sheffield. July 23."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. May 26."
"Central Biochemical Laboratory of the Medical Faculty Hospital, Research Institute of H&
Chester Beatty Research Institute, Clifton Avenue, Sutton, Surrey&
ge, Belgique.&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston, Berkshire. June 19"
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. March 25.&
, and Medicine&
"Space Science Department, Avco Corporation, Wilmington, Mass."
"University Department of Pathology, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow C4"
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food Fisheries Radiobiological Laboratory, Lowestoft. Jan. 6."
Department of Structural Chemistry, and &
"State Bacteriological Laboratory, Rheumatological Department, Med. Clin., Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm."
"Division of Oncology, Chicago Medical School, Chicago 12."
"Mus&
"Department of Histology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. Dec. 16."
riaux Mol&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abteilung Spektroskopie, D 3400 G&
r Landwirtschaffcliche Mikrobiologie, Justus iebig&
MRC Clinical Genetics Research Unit, Institute of Child Health, Guilford Street, London WC1"
 Molecular and &
Career Development awardee of the U.S. Public Health Service.&
tique."
"The Government Chemical Industrial Research Institute, Hatagaya-Honmachi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo. Feb. 6."
"Divisions of Cryobiology and Surgical Sciences, Clinical Research Centre, Harrow, Middlesex"
Department of Anthropology &amp
Departments of Biology and &
"Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QQ"
Institut de Microbiologie (LA 136), Universit&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1. Sept. 23."
"University Botany Laboratory, Madras 5. May 12."
"Nuffield Neonatal Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, Du Cane Road, London, W.12."
nchen, Maria-Ward-Str. 1a, 8000 M&
International Laboratory of Marine Radioactivity, International Atomic Energy Agency, c/o Mus&
"Bureau of Mineral Resources, Geology and Geophysics, Ministry of National Development, 485 Bourke Street, Melbourne, C.1. Sept. 5."
"St. Stephens Road Nursery, Ealing, London, W.13."
Institut de Min&
Present address: Department of Pathology, University Medical Buildings, Foresterhill, Aberdeen."
Present address: Istituto di Igiene, Universit&agrave
"Department of Experimental Pathology and Cancer Research, Medical School, Leeds 2."
t, Lindwurmstrasse 4, 80337 M&
"Department of Physiology and Schlesinger Organization Medical Research Unit, Faculty of Medicine, University of Natal, Durban. Dec. 20."
"MRC Toxicology Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey"
"Queen Mary College, (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. Jan. 26."
Commonwealth Institute of Biological Control, European Station, 1 Chemin des Grillons, Del&
"National Chemical Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Teddington, Middlesex. Sept. 22."
13"
"Research Institute for Hygiene, Bratislava, Ul.&
"Defence Research Chemical Laboratories, Defence Research Board, Ottawa."
"Department of Pathology, Dulwich Hospital, London, S.E.22."
"Departments of Chemical Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynaecology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London EC1"
Permanent address: Rudjer Bo&
"Brown Trout Research Laboratory, (Scottish Home Department), Faskally House, Pitlochry, Perthshire. Dec. 21."
"Faculty of Agriculture, Fouad I University, Cairo. Nov. 10."
"Plant Protective Chemistry Section, East Malling Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent."
Unit for Research on Addictive Drugs, Marischal College,&
"Palo Alto Medical Research Foundation, 860 Bryant Street, Palo Alto, Calif."
ochimie des Roches S&
"The Distillers Company Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey."
gica, Ciudad Universitaria, C&
 Department of Biology&
 Lovanium, L&
"Union Carbide European Research Associates, S.A., Brussels."
41394
 de Neuroendocrinologie (U.159), Centre Paul Broca de l''Inserm, 2ter rue d''Al&
r Genetik und Mikrobiologie, 87 W&
"Laboratory of General and Technical Biology, Technical University, Delft. May 23."
Present address: Louis Jenner Laboratory, St. Thomas''s Hosptial Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Unilever Research Port Sunlight Laboratory, Port Sunlight, Wirral, Cheshire"
"Carlsberg Laboratory, Copenhagen.&
Molecular Sciences, &
sk. Sept. 17."
Kaplan Comprehensive Cancer Center and Departments of &amp
Departments of Biochemistry and Biophysics&
partement de Biologie du Commissariat &agrave
"Unit for Biochemical Research bearing on Fisheries'' Problems&
Recipient of a U.S. Public Health Service research career programme award (AM5&
matiques Appliqu&
Department of Psychology and &
 Space Telescope-European Coordinating Facility, European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strae-2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Division of Electrical Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Rhodesia Geological Survey."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Jan. 4."
"Division of Electrical Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.&
Present address: Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey."
"Biochemistry Department, University College, London, W.C.1."
Laboratorio TESRE&
Present address: Institut de Biochimie, Universit&
La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey 07110&
"Akers Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Limited, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Jan. 18."
, L. Pinessi&
"Torry Research Station, Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Aberdeen. April 20."
rique en Physique des Mat&
Department of OrganicChemistry&
Service de N&
rBiochemie, Abteilung f&
"Department of Medical Parasitology, Geert Grooteplein Zuid 24, and &
Department of Geography&
r Pflanzenphysiologie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Central Geological Survey, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
To whom correspondence and reprint requests should be sent."
"Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
 Laval, Sainte-Foy, Qu&
a Animal, Ecologia y Gen&
"Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin, Institut f&
 Lehrstuhl Keramik undVerbundwerkstoffe, Institut f&
r Genetik, 5 K&
WHO Collaborating Centre for Rabies Surveillance and Research, Federal Research Institute for Animal Virus Diseases, D7400 T&
"Faculty of Veterinary Medicine,Faculty of Medicine, University of Edinburgh."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Research Department, Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
"Laboratoire de Physiologic V&
Department of Biochemistry, L&
"Departments of Ophthalmology&
taire, Verri&
"Glasshouse Crops Research Institute, Rustington, Sussex."
odynamique interne, Universit&
"Astronomical Institute, Ond&
rd Fruit Breeding Institute, Fj&auml
ge, Sart Tilman, 4000 Li&
Present address: c/o Secretariat, Universit&
"Department of Analytical Chemistry, Universit&
"Organic Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College, London."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cork. Jan. 12."
Markle Scholar in Medical Science.&
Present address: Department of Microbiology, University of Umea, S&
"Royal Danish School of Pharmacy, Copenhagen."
"Geophysics Section, Defence Research Board, Ottawa."
"Cancerological and Radiological Research Centre, Claude Bernard Association, H&
ho n&
osciences Rennes, Campus de Beaulieu, Avenue du G&
"Zoology Department, King''s College, London, W.C.1.&
Tsukuba Research Institute, Banyu Pharmaceutical Co., Tsukuba, Ibaraki 300&
Endocrinology and Reproduction Research Branch, National Institute of Child Health and Development&
Severo-Zapadnoje Geologiczeskoje Upravlenije, Leningrad"
"Department of Psychology, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
"National Research Council, Ottawa.&
"Biological Laboratory, Nippon Medical School, Komagomesendagi-ch&
"AeroChem Research Laboratories, Inc., P.O. Box 12, Princeton, New Jersey."
 and Groote Schuur Hospital
"Department of Pharmacology, Copernicus Academy of Medicine in Cracow, 31&
"Department of Pharmacology, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London.&
"Laboratoire de Paludologie, Institut de M&
"Environmental Control Division, National Institute of Agricultural Engineering, Wrest Park, Silsoe, Bedford."
r Biochemie und Molekular Biologie der Freien Universit&auml
 The Queensland Institute of Medical Research, and&
 Psychiatry and &
"Research Department, Ciba Pharmaceutical Products, Inc., Summit, New Jersey. Dec. 27."
tica Humana, Faculdade de Medicina, and Departamento de Biologia Geral, Universidade de S&
"Fondation M&
"Mullard Radio Valve Co., Ltd., Electronic Research Laboratory, Cross Oak Lane, Salfords, Nr. Redhill, Surrey. June 8."
"Department of Applied Microbiology and Biology, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow."
"Department of Pathology, Hammersmith Hospital, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Aug. 19.&
"High Green, Kiln Road, Fareham, Hants."
Postdoctoral Fellow, National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis, 1954&
"Surgical Unit, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2"
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin, Isle of Man. July 25."
"Photogeological Section, Directorate of Colonial Geological Surveys, London. April 17."
Graduate Department of Biochemistry and &
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1."
"Department of Geology, Imperial College, London"
"Department of Antibiotics, Institute for Experimental Medicine of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Debrecen."
"Woodstock Agricultural Research Centre, Sittingbourne, Kent."
Abteilung f&
Jaime Ferran&
r Anthropologie und Humangenetik, Universit&auml
"Laboratorio Ricerche sulla Struttura e l''Attivita di Composti Chimici, Istituto di Chimica Farmaceutica Universita, Roma.Istituto di Chimica Generale ed Inorganica, Universita di Bari."
t, Leipzig."
Department of Pathology, Brigham and Women''s Hospital, Harvard Medical School, &
"Department of Civil Engineering, Imperial College of Science, London."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Mineral Chemistry, Chemical Research Laboratories, Melbourne."
"Medical Research Council, Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Laboratoire ''Echanges Cellulaires'', LIRA 203, Facult&
"Zoology Department, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi 5. March 20."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. March 1."
"Clinical Chemotherapeutic Research Unit, Western Infirmary, Glasgow."
"Department of Food Technology and Human Nutrition, Clemson College, South Carolina."
r Biochemie der Universit&auml
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. June 25."
gica, Direcci&
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts."
Department of Biological Sciences, Wolverhampton Polytechnic.&
"Department of Experimental Haematology, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"Laboratory of Physical Biochemistry, National Veterinary College, Alfort (Seine)."
"Department of Physiology, University of Leyden."
"Department of Surgical Science and the Medical Research Council Research Group on Transplantation, University of Edinburgh.&
Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School&
r Medizin und Biologie der DAdW, AB Physik, Berlin
"V&
"Research Department, H. W. Carter and Co., Ltd., Coleford, Glos. May 2."
r Mikrobiologie und experimentelle Therapie, Jena."
"Clinical Research Unit, Thomas Baker, Alice Baker and Eleanor Shaw Medical Research Institute, Prahran, S.1, Melbourne. Jan. 19."
 Belgian AIDS Reference Laboratories. Department of Genetics, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Li&
"Hahnemann Medical College, Philadelphia 2, Penn. June 11."
r Medizinische Physik, Medizinische Klinik, Kinderklinik der Universit&auml
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Oct. 30."
Honorary Professorial Fellow. Present address: Cockley Moor, Dockray, Penrith, Cumbria."
"Tea Research Institute, Talawakele, Ceylon."
"Central Institute for Oncology, Budapest.Department of Histology and Embryology, University Medical School, Budapest.Research Institute for Telecommunication, Budapest.Central Research Institute for Chemistry of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest.&
"Medizinisch-chemisches Institut und Kinderklinik, Universit&auml
decine, Bd. d''Al&
Centre de Recherche de Biochimie Macromol&
"Metallurgy Branch, Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham."
"Institutt for generell og eksperimentell patologi, Universitetet i Oslo."
"Department of Botany, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
r Experimentalphysik, Universit&auml
"Department of Zoology, University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg. April 16.&
r Medizinische Chemie und Biochemie der Universit&auml
"Jodrell Laboratory, Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, Surrey."
Centre Armoricain d''Etude structurale des socles, Universit&
"INSERM, U-36, 17 Rue du Fer-&agrave
"Department of Botany, University of Zagreb.&
"Medical Research Council Experimental H&
"National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi 12. July 22."
"Department of Physics, University of Sheffield.Department of Metallurgy, Universitv of Sheffield.&
"Municipal Central Bacteriological Laboratory, Box 177, Stockholm 1. Jan. 11."
"Laboratoire d''Anthropologie Physique, Ecole des Hautes Etudes et Laboratoire de Biom&
Present addresses: &
"The University, of Chicago &
"Fundamental Research Department of the Coca-Cola Company, Linden, New Jersey."
t, Goethestrasse 33, D-8000 M&
   To whom correspondence should be addressed."
CNEXO and &
rale, D&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow."
"Department of Botany, University College, London.Department of Pal&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cork."
"Marine Zoological Station, Kristineberg, and Department of Zoophysiology, University of Lund. Nov. 25."
"Electrical Engineering Department, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. Nov. 16."
Present address: Institut f. physiologische Chemie u. physikalische Biochemie der Universit&auml
"Polska Akademia Nauk, Instytut Biochemii i Biofizyki, Warszawa, Rakowiecka 36"
ts-Poliklinik, Heidelberg."
Medical Research Council Student."
"Department of Chemistry and Food Technology, Borough Polytechnic, London, S.E.1. Sept. 16."
natal de de Foetologie, H&
 Department of Pediatrics, Harvard Medical School and Division of Genetics, Children''s Hospital, and&
"Department of Bacteriology, University of Glasgow. Oct. 2."
Department of Botany, The University (NLHT), 7000 Trondheim"
Present address: Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., North Lonsdale Road, Ulverston, Lancashire."
"Chemistry Department, National Institute for Research in Dairying, Shinfield, Berks."
r Pharmakologie and &
Present address: Clinical Research Unit, Institute of Orthopaedics, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex."
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Suginami-ku, Tokyo. Feb. 8."
"Department of Experimental Zoology, Polish Academy of Sciences, Krak&
Physiologische Chemie, Medizinische Fakult&auml
"Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Ottawa."
"University College Hospital Medical School, London."
"Standards Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. July 7."
"Department of Pathological Anatomy, Al. Przybyszewskiego 49, and Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, ul. Grunwaldzka 6, Medical Academy, Pozna&
"Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London.Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3."
"Physical Metallurgy Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 14."
INSERM U. 358, H&
Institute of Immunology and Rheumatology, Rikshospitalet University Hospital&
nster, D-48149 M&
"Istituto di Chimica Generale e Inorganica, Universit&agrave
"Unidad de Patolog&
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds 2. Nov. 24."
"Department of An&
Institute de Astronom&
ologic Dynamique, Universit&
Pathology and &
Present address: Research Division, Glaxo Laboratories, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex."
"Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield. Dec. 7.&
, Pavia. Feb. 4."
Senior Research Fellow of the National Institutes of Health (GSF-14,911)."
r Strahlenbiologie, Universit&auml
"Institut de Recherche Interdisciplinaire et Service de Chimie Clinique, Facult&
"Institute for Research in Organic Chemistry, and Institute for Pharmacology, Stockholm. Oct. 31."
Laboratoire de Biologie Animale, Facult&
"Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics of the Polish Academy of Sciences.Department of Physiological Chemistry of the Medical Academy, Gda&
Deceased March 2, 1970."
"King''s College, University of London, W.C.2. June 19."
Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility, European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2, D-8046, Garching bei M&
, Milano."
Institute of Geological Sciences, Marine Geology Unit and &
Present addresses: Acadia University, Wolfville, Nova Scotia BOP 1X0, Canda (K.K.O.)
"Department of Physics, Faculty of Science, University of Kyoto, Kyoto"
54, Fellow, National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis, 1954&
"Printing, Packaging and Allied Trades Research Association, Leatherhead. Oct. 10."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12. May 14."
rimentale, Coll&
"Chemical Research Laboratories.Biological Research Laboratories, May and Baker, Ltd., Dagenham. Nov. 10."
s des Sciences et Technologic Lille, Laboratoire de G&
Special Fellow of the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, U.S. Public Health Service."
"MRC Research Group in Applied Neurobiology. Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, WC1."
"National College of Rubber Technology, Northern Polytechnic, Holloway, London."
29 Dury Lane, London."
"Department of Physiology&
, 6 Drury Road, Colchester. May 24."
"Istituto di Genetica, Universit&agrave
"Botany Department, University of Sheffield."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. April 17."
U.S. Public Health Service Research Fellow of the National Cancer Institute."
U.S. Public Health Service Research Fellow of the National Cancer Institute.&
 du Qu&
matologie, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Toulouse"
"University Observatory, St. Andrews. Oct. 17."
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. June 17."
 Microbiology and Immunology&
"Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Shirley Bay, Ottawa. Nov. 25."
ria&
ge, and Centre National de Recherches M&
 de Gen&
Department ofVirology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Li&
n y Desarrollo (CSIC), Jordi Girona, 18&
Department of Biochemistry, University College, Cathays Park, Cardiff CF1 1XL&
"Ionospheric Research Laboratory, Andhra University, Waltair."
Holder of an Overseas Civil Service studentship."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. March 25.&
ice, Czechoslovakia."
Post-doctoral Fellow of the U.S. Public Health Service (AM-2A-5191).&
"Station Centrale de Microbiologie et Recherches Laiti&
"Department of Pathology, P&
r Angewandte Genetik der Universit&auml
Bernhard-Nocht-Institut f&
"Department of Biochemistry, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. May 5."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics and &
diatrische Genetik, Kinderpoliklinik der Ludwig Maximilians Universit&auml
 Council, Hookstone Road, Harrogate, Yorkshire. Aug. 12."
"Department of Biology, Building 56&
te Postale No 8, 94800&
St. Luke''s Hospital, Chicago."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. Oct. 30."
"Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield, and Worksop College, Notts."
"Department of Physics, University of Madras, Madras 25."
"Department of Animal Genetics, University College, London."
Department of Experimental Pathology, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
"Westminster School of Medicine, London, S.W.1. June 30."
ology, University, London, N.W.1."
"Soil Laboratory, Department of Agriculture, Johnstown Castle Agricultural College, Wexford. March 4."
mostase, Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
Postdoctoral Fellow of the U.S. National Science Foundation."
"Sir William Dunn School of Pathology and &
"Medical Department and Pediatric Department, University of Ghent."
m.2, Czechoslovakia."
Sir Halley Stewart Research Fellow."
"Faculty of Agriculture, Fouad I University, Cairo. June 19."
partement de Pharmacologie, Centre M&
193 Euston Road, London, N.W.1. Feb. 22."
Postdoctoral Fellow on leave from the Natural Rubber Producers'' Research Association."
"Division of Building Research (Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization), Graham Road, Highett, S.21, Victoria. Sept. 27."
 des Sciences et Techniques du Languedoc (Montpellier II), place Eug&
pital Paul-Brousse, 94800 Villejuif"
"Departments of Zoology, University of Glasgow."
"Department of Entomology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Nov. 11."
MainAstronomical Observatory, Ukrainian Academy of Sciences, Goloseevo, 252127,USSR&
"Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, University of London, W.C.1"
"Departamento de Investigacion, Hospital Municipal de Infecciosos, Barcelona."
x000A9
x000A8
Chemistry, and &
Department of Geological Sciences&
x000A7
x000A1
x000A3
x000A2
Present address: Nottingham University School of Agriculture, Sutton Bonington, Loughborough, England."
"Service de Microbiologie, Facult&
"Brewing Industry Research Foundation, Nutfield, Surrey. Feb. 11."
"Department of Anatomy, University of Glasgow."
"Swinden Laboratories, United Steel Companies Ltd., Moorgate, Rotherham."
ni II&
al (Qu&
"Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen. Oct. 11."
t Heidelberg."
Present address: Institute of Atomic Physics, Bucharest."
"Laboratory of Organic and Pharmaceutical Chemistry, University, Geneva, and Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Sandoz, Ltd., Basle.Department of Pharmacology, Sandoz, Ltd., Basle. May 18."
"Royal Technical College, Glasgow."
Present address: Forschungszentrum J&
9&
"Department of Chemistry, Ontario Research Foundation, Toronto, Ontario."
"Department of Biochemistry, The University, Liverpool 3."
"Physics Department, The Medical College of St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
"The Experimental Factory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Research Establishment, Greyhope Road, Aberdeen."
"Geological Survey of British Guiana, Georgetown, British Guiana."
"Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, M.S. University of Baroda, Baroda."
rospatiales, F-92322 Ch&
"Zoologisches Institut, Luisenstrasse 14, D-8000 M&
"Admiralty Underwater Weapons Establishment, Portland, Dorset."
aires, de l''Universit&
r Biologie am Reaktorzentrum Seibersdorf, Vienna."
"3 Upper Wimpole Street, London, W.1."
"Haffkine Institute, Parel, and Municipal Laboratory, Municipal Buildings, Fort Bombay 1. Aug. 18."
Member of the Comisi&
"Seismology Division, Earth Physics Branch, Department Energy, Mines and Resources, Ottawa K1A 0E4"
Present address: Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh."
"Division of Wood Technology, Forestry Commission of New South Wales, 96 Harrington Street, Sydney. Dec. 2."
r Genetik, Universit&auml
"47 Clarendon Street, Glasgow NW"
"Service de  G&
"Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berkshire."
diatrics, University Medical School
Department of Physiology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755&
ric Joliot-Curie&
"Chemistry Department, College of Technology, Byrom Street, Liverpool, 3."
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey."
"Department of Agricultural Research, Atomic Energy Commission Research Establishment, Ris&
7181
"Microbiological Department, H. Lundbeck and Co. Inc., 7, Ottiliavej, Copenhagen&
National Bureau of Standards,&
"Department of Agriculture, Division of Veterinary Services, Onderstepoort. Sept. 20."
"Forensic Laboratory, Equine Research Station, Newmarket, Suffolk."
 supported by the Swedish Natural Science Research Council and Stiftelsen Lars Hiertas Minne."
Permanent address: Dipartimento di Sanita Pubblica e Biologia Cellulare, II Universit&agrave
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Nov. 22."
"Institutt for Generell og Eksperimentell Patologi, Universitetet i Oslo."
"Dounreay Experimental Reactor Establishment, Dounreay, Caithness."
"Department of Human Genetics, University of Leiden."
"MRC Blood Group Reference Laboratory, London."
"Institute of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Zagreb. July 3."
Department of Physics and &
Present address: Dept. of Anatomy, University, Sheffield 10."
 Bologna"
"Institute of General Pathology, University, Palermo.Alexander Fleming Institute of S.P.A., Milan."
Present address: Pacific Biotechnology Ltd, 72&
Postdoctoral Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service Training Grant."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Newport Road, Cardiff.&
"Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Berks.Agricultural Research Council Survey of Animal Mycoses, Department of Botany, University College, Exeter."
"Laboratorium voor Technische Physica, Delft. Nov. 20."
ria-krt. 114."
"Central Research Laboratory, Canadian Industries, Ltd., McMasterville, Quebec. April 23."
 Department of Neurobiology and &
 Physiology, and &
"Monsanto Research S.A., Binzstrasse 39, Zurich 3/45."
"Laboratoire de Microbiologie, Institut Agronomique de l''&
ln, Institut f&
Orsay&
Orsay"
"Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, &
Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1&
"Solar Physics Observatory, Kodaikanal. Oct. 3."
Division of Entomology, National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Nishigahara, Tokyo, 114&
"St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
, Belgrade."
LA 266, D&
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1. May 12."
Present address: Department of Biology, Princeton, University, Princeton, New Jersey."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Molecular Genetics &amp
"MRC Vision Research Unit, Institute of Ophthalmology, London.&
"Department of Chemistry, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee."
"Medical Research Council Human Biochemical Genetics Research Unit, The Galton Laboratory, University College, London."
"Nuffield Unit for the Investigation of Pyrrole Pigment Metabolism, Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Dec. 1."
r Virologie, Justus-Liebig-Universit&auml
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1. Aug. 29."
"Department of Technical Chemistry, Royal Technical College, Glasgow. Jan. 17."
"Vision Research Unit of the Medical Research Council, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. Feb. 21."
"Department of Zoology, University of London King''s College, Strand, London WC2"
"Department of Bacteriology, The Medical School, Leeds, 2."
"Zoology Department, University, Glasgow. Jan. 20."
"Laboratory for Physical Chemistry, Technical University, Delft. March 27."
Institut du Quaternaire, Universit&
rinaires, 1070 Bruxelles, Belgique&
"Animal Breeding and Genetics Research Organization, Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh 9. Nov. 30."
Laboratoire d''Oncologie Mol&
NSF Accelerator Facility for Radioisotope Analysis
"Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill."
"Division of Pure Physics, National Research Council, Ottawa.&
"Division of Pure Physics, National Research Council, Ottawa."
"Department of Bacteriology, Medical College, Fukushima."
xico, M&
 Geophysical Institute and &
"Endocrine Laboratory Unit, Chelsea Hospital for Women, Dovehouse Street, S.W.3."
"The Laboratory Animals Centre, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. Dec. 2."
Australasian Tobacco Fellow in Cancer Research."
r Sedimentforschung, Mineralogisch-Petrographisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Finsen Laboratory, Copenhagen.&
gicas, Madrid. April 27."
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts.Admiralty Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
Scottish Rite Summer Medical Student Research Fellows."
"Department of Pure and Applied Chemistry, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow."
"Department of Geology, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
"Poultry Research Centre, Edinburgh 9."
Biogal&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Research Establishment, Aberdeen."
"Nuffield Radio Astronomy Laboratories, Jodrell Bank, Cheshire."
"Institut de Pharmacologie Mol&
ratures, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, 45045 Orl&
r Astronomic, K&
"Laboratoire de Morphologie Animale, Facult&
"Pathophysiological Institute, Faculty of Medicine, University of Zagreb."
"Foods Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Oct. 19."
rieure d''lng&
"Institute of Physiology, Medical Faculty, Lidick&
"University of Glasgow Veterinary School, Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden, Glasgow."
"Swedish Institute for Textile Research, Gothenburg. July 9."
"Special Unit for Juvenile Rheumatism, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead. Oct. 3."
"Muscular Dystrophy Research Laboratories, Newcastle General Hospital, Newcastle upon Tyne."
ge. Jan. 24."
Present address: Genetics Department, The University, Glasgow."
"University Biochemical Laboratory, Madras 25."
mostase et de Thrombose, Centre R&
Department of Cell Biology, University of Jyv&auml
"Department of Biology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
 Institute for Molecular Biology, University of Z&
"Institute of Animal Behavior, Rutgers University, 101 Warren Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102"
"Laboratory of the Government Chemist, Ministry of Technology, Stamford Street, London, S.E.1."
"Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology&
"University College, London, W.C.1. Nov. 28."
"Astronomical Institute of the Czechoslovak Academy of Science, Bude&
Please address reprint requests to A. P. L."
"Department of Cytology, National Research Center, Dokki, Giza, U.A.R.Department of Pathology, University of Cairo.Veterinary Research Institute, Dokki, Giza, U.A.R."
"Southern Rhodesia Meteorological Department, P.O. Box 66, Causeway, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Istituto di Fisica,Istituto di Microbiologia, Universit&agrave
"Aktiebolaget Atomenergi, L&
"Farmitalia S.p.A. Research Laboratories, Milan. Institute of Pharmacology, University of Bari. Nov. 10."
Second Department of Internal Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, and,&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. Jan. 3."
"Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow."
"Department of Mathematics and Physics, The Polytechnic, 309 Regent Street, London, W.1."
"Institute of Applied Chemistry, Faculty of Science, Farouk I University, Alexandria. Nov. 5."
Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics, &
"Institute of Biochemistry, Uppsala. Jan. 8."
"Division of Electrotechnology, National Standards Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization. July 21."
 Department of Cell Analysis and &
Institute of Geological Sciences, Polish Academy of Sciences, ul. Senacka 3, 31-002 Krak&
Dipartimento di Genetica, Biologia e Chimica Medica, Universit&agrave
"Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory, Meteorological Office, Bracknell, Berkshire."
r Kohlenforschung, M&
"Colonial Products Laboratory, Imperial Institute Building, South Kensington, London, S.W.7. Feb. 9.&
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey."
r Extraterrestrische Physik, 8046 Garching bei M&
Human Motor Control Section, and &
"Department of Physics, Brunel College of Technology, London, W.3."
"Department of Bacteriology, The University, Glasgow, W.2. June 16."
sterreichischen Akademie der Wissenschaften, Wien, IX."
"Department of Physics, Victoria University College, Box 196, Wellington, N.Z."
a y Petr&
"Departamento de Zoologia, Universidade Estadual de Campinas, 13100 Campinas, S&
c/o British Council, Bombay.&
 di Milano. April 25."
Ris&
Department of Anatomy and Physiology, Aichi Prefectural College of Nursing, Moriyama-ku, Nagoya.&
"Abt.f. Experimentelle Chirurgie und Immunologie, Chirurgische Universit&auml
"MRC Radiobiological Research Council, Harwell, Didcot, Berks."
ejov. April 19."
62."
"Institut d''Immuno-biologie, H&
"Department of Forensic Medicine, University of Edinburgh."
tal, Institut Fourier, Place du Doyen Gosse, Grenoble. March 14."
Infectious Diseases and&
Laboratory of Immunobiology and Departments of &
bingen, Liebermeisterstrasse   8, D-72076 T&
"Special Unit for Juvenile Rheumatism, Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Maidenhead, Berks, England. Nov. 6."
Visiting scientist. Permanent address: Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield."
Of the Medical Research Institute, Korle Bu, Gold Coast."
"Research Laboratory for H&
, A. Haynes&
"Department of Anatomy, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London EC1"
"Marwell Hauge Farmas&
Fulbright grantee 1958&
 Biology and &
"Bedford College, University of London."
"Division of Human Physiology, National Institute for Medical Research, c/o M.R.C. Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London, N.W.3. Sept. 1."
lds V&auml
"Department of Zoology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown. Nov. 15."
"Physics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, London, S.W.7."
Present address: Department of Rheumatology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London."
Upstate Medical Center"
, P. Frommelt&
School of Veterinary Medicine and &
"Faculty of Sciences, Free University of Brussels, Avenue F.-D. Roosevelt, 50, Brussels.&
Present address: Department of Botany, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh 8.&
"All-Union Research Institute of Influenza, Leningrad, and Research Institute of Hygiene, Tbilissi"
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, 17 Bloomsbury Square, London, W.C.1. Feb. 18.&
"Department of Oral Pathology, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London E1."
 M. A. Ferguson-Smith, Duncan Guthrie Institute of Medical Genetics, University of Glasgow, Yorkhill, Glasgow G38 SJ, UK
"Zoological Institute, University of Z&
"Geophysical Institute, University of Tokyo, Tokyo."
r Immunbiologie, 78-Freiburg-Z&auml
 Un&
Zweite Universit&auml
Medical Research Council Cell Biophysics Unit, King''s College, 26&
"Division of Biochemistry, Lucknow University, Lucknow."
Rotman Research Institute of Baycrest Centre, 3560 Bathurst Street,North York, Ontario M64 2E1 Cannda&
"Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Whitehall Place, London SW1A 2HH"
 Groupe d''Etude de la Marge Continentale, D&
"Centre de Biologia Molecular, Universidad Aut&
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Murray Hill, New Jersey,            &
"Air Pollution Research Unit, Dunn Laboratories, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
 Neuroscience, and &
"Applied Physics Group, AERE, Harwell."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1.&
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1."
"Third Department of Internal Medicine, School of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Hongo, Tokyo."
Department of Biology,  &
"Department of Physiology, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London. July 3."
a, Vieytes 451, Buenos Aires.&
gica, Fac. de Ciencias M&
Biophysical Laboratory of the State University, Leiden"
"Physical Laboratory, University, Southampton."
ne-M&
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedford.Scientific Instrument Research Association, South Hill, Chislehurst, Kent."
Davy Faraday Research Laboratory of the Royal Institution, 21 Albemarle Street, London W1X 4BS&
John and Mary R. Markle scholar in academic medicine.&
John and Mary R. Markle scholar in academic medicine."
"Instituto de Investigaci&
"Department of Pharmacology and Bland-Sutton Institute of Pathology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
"Department of Biochemistry, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London, Kensington, London W8"
r Biologie, Universit&auml
"Department of Chemistry, Rutgers&
 and Ophthalmology&
Laboratoire de Physique des Solides, Universit&
Bonanza&
Department of Medicine, Turku University&
Department of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry and &
"Chemical Engineering Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot."
"Research Department, Masaryk State Institute for Radiotherapy, Brno. Aug. 30."
Present address: Department of Botany, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
"Defence Research Chemical Laboratories, Ottawa, Ontario."
Present address: Department of Bacteriology, The University, Liverpool 3."
"Department of Pharmacology, Royal Veterinary College, Stockholm 50."
Aichi Cancer Center Research Institute, Chikusa-Ka Nagoya"
"Department of Biological Sciences, Douglass Campus, Rutgers&
III. 1."
ca Universidade Mackenzie, S&
dicale de 1''H&
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. Jan. 13."
"Section of Comparative Biology, MRC Clinical Sciences Centre, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, Du Cane Road, London W12 ONN,UK&
xico 22, D.F., M&
"Swedish Institute for Textile Research, Gothenburg. April 28."
"Department of Agriculture, Pretoria. Dec. 21."
"Dominion Astrophysical Observatory, Victoria, B.C.&
pital Henri Mondor, F-94010 Cr&
"Research Institute of National Defence. Stockholm 80."
"Inorganic Chemistry Research Laboratories, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Analytical Chemistry Branch, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
"Arthur D. Little Research Institute, Inveresk, Nr. Edinburgh.&
r Toxikologie und Embryonal-Pharmakologie, Freie Universit&auml
"Composite Materials Research Department, Rolls-Royce Limited, Old Hall, Littleover, Derby."
Department of Psychiatry
t Bonn, 53 Bonn, Endenicher Allee 15."
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala, Uppsala. June 28."
ontologie, Goldschmidt-Strasse 3, 3400 G&
"East Malling Research Station, Kent. Nov. 5."
 Laboratoire de M&
Department of Earth Sciences, Faculty of Science, and &
 de Biochimie Cellulaire et Laboratoire de Chimie Physiologique, Facult&
"Institutes of Physiology and Neurophysiology, Oslo University"
Office National d''Etudes et de Recherches A&
"Laboratories of the Sloan&
Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Hospital, London NW1"
"58A Warren Road, Ashford, Middlesex."
"Viriamu Jones Laboratory, University College, Cardiff, Wales."
,J. Swearer &
"Bradford Institute of Technology and Royal Infirmary, Bradford."
"University College, London, W.C.1."
29 Drury Lane, London WC.2"
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh 9. Oct. 5."
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
Antarctic Division, DSIR, Christchurch"
r.v&
"Division of Experimental Chemotherapy, Sloan&
Genzentrum der Universit&auml
"Laboratory for Cell Physiology and Department of Histology, Faculty of Medicine, University of S&
"Biological Section, Tokyo Woman''s Christian College, Tokyo. Feb. 27."
"Pharmazeutisches Institut der Universit&auml
Department  of Pharmacology, Cancer Research Institute,&
Division of Materials Applications&
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield. Oct. 13."
 Libre de Bruxelles, Laboratoire de P&
Royal Greenwich Observatory, Hailsham, Sussex."
"Oceanographical Institute, Gothenburg. March 7."
zquez 138, Madrid.&
zquez 138, Madrid."
6187
"Department of Morbid Anatomy,Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1."
Jos&
UKAEA Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire"
cine Lyon-Nord, Hopital Claude Bernard, Service de Gyn&
ttingen, Herzberger Landstrasse 180, 37075 G&
 de Nice, Facult&
"Department of Geology, All&
"Paediatric Research Unit, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Istituto di Chimica Generale, Universit&agrave
"Institute of Sport-Medicine, Salmovsk&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, United Liverpool Hospitals."
"Department of Microbiology and Public Health, Chicago Medical School."
t Wurzb&
"Clinique m&
 present address&
"Departments of &amp
"Convent of Notre Dame, Glasgow, W.2. Feb. 11."
"Royal Norwegian Naval Academy, Sj&
"31 Pond Street, Hampstead, London, N.W.3."
"Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, Farouk I University, Alexandria. Sept. 25."
Laboratory of Immunoregulation, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and &
ln, D-50931 K&
"Marine Biological Station, Departure Bay, Nanaimo, B.C."
National Research Council.&
o Paulo. Dec. 3."
, and the Molecular Biology Institute&
"Laboratory of Mammalian Genes and Development, &
r Astrophysik und Extraterrestrische Forschung."
 de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Quebec"
ologic et Oc&
"Institute of Dermatology, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, London, W.C.2."
al, CP 8888, Succursale "A", Montr&
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, P.O. Box 109, City, Canberra."
 Libre de Bruxelles.Physikalisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, and &
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Sheffield 10."
x02020
x02021
"2. Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Portsmouth Polytechnic.Institut Scientifique et Technique des P&
Laboratoire d''Activation Mol&
"Istituto di Patologia vegetale, Universit&agrave
ophysique de I''Environnement, BP 96, 38402 St Martin d''H&
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory and Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Nov. 11."
Research Institute of Immunology and Rheumatology, Rikshospitalet University Hospital, Oslo.&
"King''s College, University of London."
Laboratoire de Chimie Appliqu&
t Bonn."
Department of Pathology, Kuopio University, SF-70210 Kuopio&
"Armour Hess Chemicals, Ltd., Littleborough, Lancashire."
"Chemistry Department A, Danish University of Technology, Copenhagen. Oct. 9."
, G. De Winter&
Laboratoire de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Virus Unit, Glaxo, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex."
"Institute Nacional de Investigaciones Agron&
Centre de Transfusion Sanguine de Nancy&
cnicaAerospacial, Torrej&
On secondment from I.C.I. Ltd. (Dyestuffs Division)."
 ChemicalPathology and &
"Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcestershire"
"Grant Institute of Geology, West Mains Road, Edinburgh."
NRC/NASA Senior Research Associate
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station (The Research Laboratories of Vitamins, Ltd.), Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey. April 15."
"Department of Anatomy, University of Glasgow. Jan. 6."
dicale, Ecole Normale Sup&
"Histological Department, University of Uppsala. Nov. 11."
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. Aug. 4."
"Department of Molecularand Cellular Biology and &
sica, Universidad Nacional de M&
Department of Anatomy, and &
"Physiological Department, Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen. April 16."
Present address : Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, Philadephia, Pa."
"Physik-Institut der Universit&auml
" Centre des Faibles Radioactivit&
Cellular and Molecular Medicine,&
Department of Human Genetics, Faculty of Medicine, University of Leiden, Wassenaarseweg 62, Leiden"
"Cancer Research Laboratory, Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Royal Melbourne Hospital, Melbourne."
Microbiological Research Establishment, Porton&
r 2, Budapest 8"
Vascular Research Division, Department of Pathology, Brigham &amp
"Dyestuffs Department, CIBA, Ltd., Basle. March 2."
r Gerbereichemie, der Technischen Hochschule, Darmstadt."
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12. Dec. 30."
"Department of Biochemistry, Medical School, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina.&
Present address: Institute of Ophthalmology, London, W.C.1."
Laboratory of Cellular and Molecular Immunology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Present address: Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Middlesex Hospital, London.&
r Geologie undPal&auml
ria k&
&nbsp
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment (Ministry of Power), Portobello Street, Sheffield, 1.&
"Central Wesleyan College, Central South Carolina 29630"
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Radiophysics Laboratory, Sydney."
sseldorf
"Department of Pharmacology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff. April 1."
"Chemical Research Laboratory,Biological Research Laboratory, Istituto &
 Cell Surface Biochemistry, &
"Virology Department, Research Division, Pfizer, Ltd., Sandwich, Kent."
 Deceased."
"Department of Geography, University College of London."
Clinical Medicine and&
"Division of Protein Chemistry, CSIRO, Parkville (Melbourne), Victoria 3052"
Clinique Psychiatrique Universitaire, 1225 Ch&
"Surgical Clinic and Institute of Physiology, University of Uppsala. June 21."
"Chemisches Laboratorium, Chirurgische Universit&auml
r Chemie, Mainz. Nov. 2."
"Unesco Technical Assistance Mission, Physics Department, University College, Baghdad. Jan. 28."
937
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. June 12."
"Michael Reese Hospital and Medical Center, and Institute of Gas Technology, Chicago."
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent. March 29."
rzburg, Versbacherstrasse 7, 8700 W&
Laboratory of Molecular Neurobiology,&
a General, Universidad Nacional del Sur, Bah&
"Department of Physics, University of Sheffield, Sheffield."
"Division of Animal Health, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Laboratory, Glebe, New South Wales."
"Department of Chemical Engineering, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 2."
Laboratoire d''Anthropologie et Institut dePal&
 Department of Physics, Enginering &amp
r Genetik, der Universit&auml
 Biophysics, and &
rans Hospital, Stockholm.Nobel Institute of Physics, Stockholm. March 31."
"Hektoen Institute for Medical Research, Cook County Hospital, Chicago."
"Laboratoire d''Immunologie et virologie des tumeurs, (Inserm U.136), Service d''H&
"Warren Spring Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Gunnels Wood Road, Stevenage, Herts."
Institute of Pathology and &
"Chemical Physics Group of the National Physical and Chemical Research Laboratories, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria."
"Abteilung f&
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Feb. 19."
"The British Petroleum Co. Ltd, BP Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
"Institute for Pathology, Beatrix Street, Pretoria. Feb. 3."
r Verhaltensphysiologie, Seewiesen &
partement de Microbiologie, Facult&
Laboratoire de Biologie exp&
"Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, London."
"Research Laboratories, Ciba Pharmaceutical Products, Inc., Summit, New Jersey. Aug. 5."
"Department of Geology, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
Present address: Central Technical School, 725 Bathurst St, Toronto.&
"Chemistry Department, Heriot-Watt College, Edinburgh. June 22."
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College Field Station, Ascot, Berkshire."
dicale Lyon Sud-Ouest, BP n&
"Municipal Technical College, Portland Street, Rochdale Road, Oldham."
tskinderklinik, Bonn, German Federal Republic."
"Istituto di Zoologia, Via Celoria 10, Milan."
"Department of Botany, Imperial College, London"
r Tierzucht und Haustiergenetik der Justus-Liebig-Universit&auml
"U.S. Army Signal Engineering Laboratories, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey. March 15."
Central Research Laboratories, Ajinomoto Co., Inc., 1-1, Suzuki-cho, Kawasaki&
"Department of Botany, University, Cairo."
Bureau of Mineral Resources, Geology and Geophysics, PO Box 378, Canberra City ACT 2601&
Chemistry and Soil Research Institute, PO Box 8100, Causeway, Salisbury, Rhodesia&
"Physics Department, The University, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Division d''Agrologie, Institut National pour l''&
"Cancer Research Department, London Hospital Research Laboratories, London, E.1."
"Laboratoire de Neurochimie, Clinique des Maladies du Syst&
"Istituto d''Igiene dell'' Universit&agrave
"Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
n Coyoac&
"Department of Physiology,University of Concepci&
r Forstbotanik und Holzforschung, Universit&auml
Present address: Department of Pediatrics, University of Z&
"Akademie der Wissenschaften der DDR, Zentralinstitut f&
ECF, European Space Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Str. 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Institute of Biochemistry, Uppsala, and State Pharmaceutical Laboratory, Stockholm. Aug. 7."
e aux Industries du Carbone, Universit&
"McMaster Laboratory, C.S.I.R.O., Sydney. July 5."
"Department of Pharmacology, Medical Faculty, University of Belgrade."
Fulbright Fellow"
"Freie Universit&auml
Institutfur Allgemeine und Angewandte Geophysik der Ludwig-Maximilians-UniversitatMunchen, Theresienstrasse 41, D-8000 Munchen 2,FRG&
 To whom correspondence should be addressed."
 To whom correspondence should be addressed.&
"Department of Physics, University of New England, Armidale, N.S.W. Oct. 15."
"Department of Pharmacology,Department of Biochemistry, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Central Research Institute, Kasauli. Feb. 26."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7"
European Southern Observatory, Karl Schwarzschild Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"Central Research Unitsand&
 Physiology &amp
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London. May 30."
"Marine Station, Millport, Isle of Cumbrae. Oct. 14."
Fulbright scholar from Department of Neuropsychiatry, University of Tokyo.&
t D-4000 Dusseldorf, Moorenstr. 5"
"Food Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Jan. 13."
"Clinique Ophtalmologique, H&
Present address: Biophysics Department, University of Edinburgh."
"Wenner-Gren Institute for Experimental Biology, University of Stockholm. Aug. 28."
r Mathematik, Ruhr-Universit&auml
4888
V. &amp
, The National Bacteriological Laboratory&
39823
"Leiden Observatory, Leiden 2401"
 T Bell Laboratories and &
"Rowett Research Institute, Aberdeenshire.Agricultural Research Council Animal Breeding Research Organisation, Edinburgh. March 16."
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. Dec. 12."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield.&
"Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W. 12. Dec. 14."
Department of Geosciences and &
Sleep Laboratory, Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh&
"Wollongong Technical College, Gladstone Avenue, Wollongong, 5C, New South Wales. Feb. 23."
"Nuclear Engineering Laboratory, Queen Mary College, University of London. Feb. 20."
"Courtaulds, Limited, Research Laboratory, Maidenhead, Berks. Nov. 20."
"Department of Bacteriology, University College, Ibadan. Oct. 30."
Department of Medicine, Children''s Hospital Medical Center and &
ge. Aug. 3."
"Department of Anatomy and Embryology, University College, London."
"University College, London, W.C.1. Aug. 20."
"Fruit and Vegetable Chemistry Laboratory, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Pasadena."
cules, Strasbourg. March 22."
"Tropical Products Institute, 56&
"Laboratoire de biologie animale, Universit&
Present address: U.S. Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory, Hanover, New Hampshire."
, Strasbourg. May 27."
 Molecular Carcinogenesis and  Epidemiology, and &
"Chemistry Department, Marischal College, Aberdeen. March 3."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, 9."
"Department of Neurology &
 from Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas y T&
al, Laboratoire d''lmmunologie, Montr&
"Department of Dosimetry, Nuclear Research Institute, Na Truhl&
Permanent address: Department of Biology, Seton Hall University, South Orange, New Jersey."
mica, Departamento de Zoologia, Instituto de Biologia, Universidade Estadual de Campinas, C.P. 6109, Campinas, S&
Laboratori di Chimica Biologica, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
To whom correspondence and reprint requests should be addressed."
Microbiological Chemistry Research Laboratory&
"Biological Laboratories, The Polytechnic, Regent Street, London, W.1. Nov. 16."
"Royal Dental College, 4 Universitetsparken, Copenhagen."
"Laboratory of Clinical Science and &
"Charles University Medical Faculty, Hradec Kr&
culaires des R&
t 78 Freiburg i. Br. Albertstr. 11, German Federal Republic"
"Bell Laboratories, Crawford Hill Laboratory, Holmdel, New Jersey 07733"
ontologie du Mus&
"Michrome Laboratories, East Sheen, London, S.W.14, and Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork"
"British Iron and Steel Research Association, 140 Battersea Park Road, London, S.W.11."
"Research Laboratory, United States Steel Corporation, Kearny, New Jersey. Aug. 11."
"Division of Biochemistry, Oswaldo Cruz Institute, Rio de Janeiro. Sept. 24."
"Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, N.J."
Seconded from the Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Ayr."
anologique Europ&
Laboratory of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and &
Departamento Farmacolog&
"Departments of Cellular and Developmental Biology and Chemistry,&
 and Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, Medical Academy, Poznan."
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. Oct. 10."
"University of Sheffield Virus Research Laboratory, Lodge Moor Hospital, and Department of Bacteriology, University of Sheffield."
"Planning Department, East Cliff County Offices, Preston, Lancashire PR1 3EX"
"Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Sussex."
"Physical Institute, University of Basle. Nov. 2."
la Sapienza&
"Laboratory for General and Inorganic Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Zagreb,Department for Structural and Inorganic Chemistry, Rudjer Bo&
6414
"Baker Medical Research Institute, Alfred Hospital, Melbourne.Research Department, Commonwealth Serum Laboratories, Melbourne.&
Holder of a research fellowship, supported in part by the International Co-operation Administration under a programme administered by the National Academy of Sciences."
Present Address: John Wyeth and Brother Limited, New Lane, Havant, Hampshire."
"Engineering in Medicine Laboratory, Department of Electrical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7"
To whom correspondence should beaddressed"
 et de la Recherche M&
lich, Nuclear Research Centre (KFA), Institute of Radioagronomy, D-5170 J&
M.T.A. Geokemiai Kutato Lab., Budapest XI Buda&
"Research Institute of National Defence, Stockholm 80."
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Stockholm. May 2."
Medical Research Council Junior Research Fellow."
213
"Biochemical Department, Central Laboratory, Milton, Portsmouth."
"Research Department, British Plaster Board (Holdings), Ltd., East Leake, Nr. Loughborough."
lib&
 Institut Cochin de G&
Medical Research Council, Gastroenterology Unit, Central Middlesex Hospital, London NW10 7NS&
 Research, Ltd., Woodstock Agricultural Research Centre.&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Prince Consort Road, South Kensington, London, S.W.7."
e aux sciences pharmaceutiques, Facult&
"East Mailing Research Station, Maidstone, Kent."
"Department of Physics, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.&
ge, and Laboratory of Biochemistry, Madras Medical College, Madras."
"Torry Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Aberdeen. March 20."
present address
r Humangenetik, Universit&auml
"CSIRO Division of Fisheries and Oceanography, Cronulla, NSW"
 Lavai Ste Foy Qu&
 Department of Chemistry, Technion&
Markle Scholar in Academic Medicine."
"Department of Chemistry, University, Nottingham. Jan. 20."
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Laboratories, Ottawa. Jan. 20."
Department of Geology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27599&
"Department of Human and Comparative Anatomy, Belgian Centre of Normal and Pathological Growth, University of Ghent."
cken, 15."
 Pulmonary Research and Gene Therapy, and &
"Department of Analytical Chemistry, University of Brussels."
 6Universidad Nation&
"Institute of Genetics, University of Naples. July 6."
"Chemical Research Department, Pfizer, Ltd., Sandwich."
"Department of Zoology, Government Science College, Jabalpur."
"National Research Council, Ottawa. Aug. 3."
"ZMBH/Institut f&
ebon."
"Botany Department, University College, London, W.C.1."
NERC Unit of Marine Invertebrate Biology, Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey"
"Plant Diseases Division, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Auckland."
 Department of Cell Biology and Anatomy, &
"School of Natural Philosophy, University of St. Andrews."
"Toxicology Unit, MRC Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
To whom reprint requests should be addressed: Box 385
"Institute of Ophthalmology, University of London, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
"Departments of Medicine and &
e''
IRIGM, University of Grenoble, BP 68,38402 Saint Martin d''H&
"Biochemistry Department, Nuffield Institute of Comparative Medicine, The Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London NW1."
Present address: Slovak Academy of Sciences, Institute of Experimental Endocrinology, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
Instituto di Chimica Biologica, Universit&agrave
rich, 8093 Z&
"The Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Medical Science, 3&
Institute of Food Technology, University of Agriculture, A&
odynamique, Universit&
 Physiology and Biophysics, and &
59762
partement de Pharmacologie, Universit&
"Department of Pathology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill."
"Research Department, British Broadcasting Corporation, Kingswood Warren, Tadworth, Surrey."
matology, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
"Department of Botany, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff."
partement de Microbiologie, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire, Universit&
"Department of Chemistry, Panjab University, Hoshiarpur, East Panjab."
"Department of Applied Chemistry, Faculty of Engineering, University of Tokyo. Oct. 9."
"National Standards Laboratory, University Grounds, Sydney. June 20."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1."
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3.Research Laboratory, Kodak Ltd., Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex."
r Meereskunde, Universit&auml
"Department of Agriculture, Nairobi. Sept. 26."
"Institut d''Astrophysique, University of Li&
Address for correspondence."
a, Caseros 2161, Buenos Aires.&
"Toxicology Research Unit, MRC Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
Kettering Institute for Cancer Research, and Sloan&
"Departamento de Ciencias Morfol&
ttingen, Hermann-Rein-Strasse 3, FDR"
"Basic Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington."
"34 Lochburn Road, Glasgow, NW."
"Laboratorio di Chimica Fisica, Istituto Chimico, Universit&agrave
"Department of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina."
"Natural Rubber Producers'' Research Association, Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
gskolan, Stockholm 51.Otolaryngological Department, Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm 60. Nov. 6."
"Research Department, Pharmacology and Physiology Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. Jan. 3."
"Departamento de Fisiolog&
Battelle Northwest Laboratories and Rutgers University&
Present address: National Health Institute, 52&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research : Royal Cancer Hospital, London."
culaire et R&
"Division of Chemical Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Chemical Research Laboratories, Melbourne."
"Service de Microbiologie appliqu&
"Biochemistry Department and Galton Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1."
Laboratory of Immunoregulation, National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and &
"Centro de Medicina Nuclear, Hospital-Escuela Jose de San Martin, Cordoba 2351, Buenos Aires."
nna Sjukhus, Malm&
"Department of Botany, College of Agriculture, Brno, C.S.S.R."
anologie et de G&
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne 3050."
Present address: J. William Kerr &amp
"Department of Clinical Neurophysiology, Institute of Psychiatry, London, S.E.5."
"Medical Research Council, Pneumoconiosis Unit, Llandough Hospital, Penarth, Glamorgan CF6 1XW"
 Montpellier-2, Place Eug&
"Institutt for Geologi, Universitetet, Blindern, Olso."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 3."
o Preto, Universidade de S&
tedra de Qu&
"Pharmaceutical Laboratory, University of Leyden. Oct. 29."
Physik-Department and &
"Bacteriological Laboratory, Physiological Department, The British Drug Houses, Ltd., Graham Street, London, N.1. April 27."
aires (Brussels&
MRC Experimental Haematology Unit, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2.&
"Physiology Laboratory, University of Leiden.&
"Queen Mary College, University, London, E.1. May 7."
 di Bologna. June 20."
"Research Department, Pharmaceuticals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd., Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
trologie-Volcanologie, Universit&
"SRC Radio and Space Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough SL3 9JX"
Seconded to Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden."
"Division of Applied Physics, National Research Council, Ottawa."
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin, Isle of Man."
bingen, Auf der Morgenstelle 18, W-7400 T&
r Biologie, Corrensstr. 38, D7400 T&
Medicine, &
"Division of Building Research, National Research Council, Ottawa."
Present address: Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
"Institute of Psychiatry, London, S.E.5."
"Science Service Laboratory, Lethbridge, Alberta. Feb. 7."
"Research Laboratories, Kodak, Limited, Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex."
"Medical Unit, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1.&
berg, 37077 G&
Pharmacology, &
"Psychology Department, Bedford College, University of London."
Centre de Recherches de Biochimie et de G&
aires de Saclay, Service d''Astrophysique, 91191 Gif-sur-Yvette C&
a General y Fisiopatolog&
"Materials and Energy Research Centre, PO Box 41&
"Royal Technical College, Salford, Lanes."
 Department of Chemistry, &
"University, Glasgow. March 1."
 Immunologyand&
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of Sheffield, and Department of Chemical Pathology, United Sheffield Hospitals. Dec. 31."
"Laboratorio de Zoofisiolog&
"Hahn-Meitner-Institut f&
"Department of Botany and Plant Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
mophilia, Department of H&
"Medical University Clinic, Zurich. Feb. 10."
"Natural Environment Research Council, The Nature Conservancy, Merlewood Research Station, Grange-over-Sands, Lancashire."
"Tropical Products Institute, London, W.C.1.Institute of Pharmacognosy and Analytical Phytochemistry, University of the Saarland, Saarbrucken."
culaire, Rue des Chevaux 67, B-1640 Rhode-St-Gen&
r Humangenetik, Gosslerstrasse 12d, D-3400 G&
Postdoctoral Fellow of the National Heart Institute, National Institutes of Health, U.S. Public Health Service.&
"Research Department, F. Hoffmann&
"Statistics Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station.Agricultural Department, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland."
"Department   of Surgery, Children''s Hospital, and the &
"The Electrical Research Association, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Institute for Experimental Physics, Budapest. Sept. 15."
"Laboratorio de Virus, Instituto Butantan, S&
"Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London.&
"Department of Nutrition, Queen Elizabeth College, University of London."
t Gie&
"Ministry of Aviation, Rocket Propulsion Establishment, Westcott, Bucks."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne, N.2. March 30."
Creteil"
, N-9000 Troms&
trie, Universit&
Present Address: Air&
"Haematology&
gen, Liding&
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Salford, Salford, Lancashire."
t, Innsbruck"
"Department of Icthyology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown."
"Department of Bacteriology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. April 18."
Mus&
Laboratoire Chimie Nucl&
"Department of Biochemistry, Cancer Research Institute, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
"Gesellachaft f&
Royal College of Surgeons of England, Research Establishment, Downe, Orpington, Kent&
r Chemie, Universit&auml
"Electronics Laboratory, University of Kent, Canterbury"
"Department of Radiotherapy, General Hospital, Northampton."
sl.arm. 40, Czechoslovakia."
"Institut Fran&
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Aug. 11."
partement de Physiologie, Centre M&
"Gas Chromatography, Ltd., Boyn Valley Road, Maidenhead, Berks."
"Fisheries Experiment Station, Conway, North Wales."
"Department of Psychiatry, Hospital No. 9, Bucharest."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. April 15."
"British Non-Ferrous Metals Research Association, Euston Street, London, N.W.1. Nov. 9."
 Centre de S&
"Analytisches Institut der Universit&auml
Permanent addresses: Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, L. E&
"Istituto di Geologia e Geofisica, Universit&agrave
"Laboratoire de Chimie Organique des Substances Naturelles, associ&
ne et Institut de Bact&
INSERM U258, H&
"Battelle Memorial Institute, Geneva."
Oncology and &
"Department of Clinical Chemistry,Institute of Pathology I,Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Uppsala."
"European Space Operations Centre, 61 Darmstadt"
ge. Oct. 11."
e de Vilvorde, Brussels, 12."
Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Investgaciones Cient&
Leuk&
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. July 1."
"Department of Botany, King''s College, London. Nov. 7."
"Institute of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, Faculty of Technology, Belgrade."
"Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University of London, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, Goldhawk Road, London, W.6."
partement de Chimie Min&
To whom correspondence should be addressed. Present address: Institut f&
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Jan. 31."
"Research Association of British Rubber Manufacturers, Shawbury, Shrewsbury, Shropshire. Feb. 2."
"Department of Bacteriology, Medical College, Calicut&
On leave from the Slovak Polytechnic University, Chemical Faculty, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
ontologisches Institut und Museum, Universit&auml
Laboratoire de Biophysique Mol&
"University Institute of Medical Genetics, Tagensvej 14 2200 N, Copenhagen"
, et Institut Pasteur."
"Chemistry Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 17."
"Department of Histology, University of Lund. Nov. 12."
"Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. Sept. 21."
 Cognitive Neuroscience Section, Medical Neurology Branch, and &
"Department of Experimental Pathology and Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Leeds, 2."
Recipient of a U.S. Public Health Service Research Career Award. This investigation was also supported by a grant from the National Heart Institute."
"Department of Oral Pathology, University, Sheffield. Oct. 11."
"Physics Department, British Iron and Steel Research Association, 140 Battersea Park Road, London, S.W.1 1. Aug. 18."
"Biochemical Laboratory, University of Ghent. Jan. 16."
"Instituto de Gastroenterolog&
nologie et G&
HD&
Department of Clinical Haematology, University College Hospital Medical School, London WC1"
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire."
MRC Unit for Laboratory Studies of Tuberculosis, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London W12&
"Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tenn. Oct. 10.&
"Institute of Orthopaedics, Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, Stanmore, Middlesex.National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W..7"
 Joseph Fourier, Maison des Magist&
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Center for Neurobiology and Behavior,&
t, Robert-Mayer-Str. 11, Frankfurt am Main."
"Institute of Genetics, University of Naples, and Zoological Station, Naples."
al, CP, 6128, Succursale ''A'', Montr&
culaire et de G&
rale, Analytique et Appliqu&
"Department of Biology and McCollum&
"Astrophysics Research Unit, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire."
CEA, 91190&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Animal Genetics Section, University, Sydney.Department of Biochemistry, University, Sydney. June 26."
2 Kasumigaseki, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo."
"Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, Villejuif (Seine) and Institut f&
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Queen''s College, Dundee."
"Department of Animal Physiology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Cairo."
"&amp
"Ophthalmological Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. Sept. 19."
University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1.&
 Aix-Marseille III, Centre Scientifique de Saint-J&
"Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London."
al, CP 6888, succ. centre-ville, Montr&
Now at the Royal Observatory, Edinburgh."
"Medical Research Council Cell Biophysics Unit, King''s College, 26&
"MRC Experimental Virus Research Unit, Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow.&
Memorial Sloan&
 Libre de Bruxelles."
 Libre de Bruxelles.&
"Bedford College, University of London. July 9."
"Centrede G&amp
n Campomar, J. Alvarez 1719, Buenos Aires. July 20."
Institute for Medical Physics, M&
"Centre de Recherche de Biochimie et de G&
gica, Facultad de Farmacia y Bioqu&
"The Tokyo Biochemical Research Institute, 2&
"Division of Tribophysics&
ge, 22 Quai Van Beneden, Li&
"Research Department, Vinyl Products, Ltd., Carshalton, Surrey."
ntehof, Hannover."
 Max Planck Instit&
netica, Instituto de Investigaci&
partement de Recherche Fondamentale, Laboratoire de Biologie Mol&
Previous name : K. C. Abraham."
r Angewandte Physik, Universit&auml
"Glasshouse Crops Research Institute, Rustington, Littlehampton, Sussex."
"Biochemistry Department, Hospital Saint-Michel Archange, Quebec."
Fellow of the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation."
 de Biologie Mol&
CRAAM&
"Cyanamid European Research Institute, Cologny/Geneva."
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala, Uppsala."
Present address: Department of Child Health, University of Sheffield."
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2."
ais d''&
"Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. March 18."
"Department of Medicine, Royal Free Hospital, London."
rale, UER des Sciences M&
Present address: Department of Physiology, University College, Gower Street, London WC1."
To whom all correspondence should beaddressed."
"King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Research and Development Branch, Windscale Works, Sellafield, Cumberland. March 12."
 Mol&
Also of the Geophysics Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
Institute of Child Health, London."
"Solar Physics Division, Universit&auml
 Max-Planck-Institute f&
"Swedish Institute for Textile Research, Gothenburg. Aug. 15."
 Graduate Program in Immunology and Departments of  &
"Virology Laboratory, Canine Health Centre, Animal Health Trust, Kennett, Nr. Newmarket, Suffolk. March 28."
"Science Department, Hatfield Technical College, Hatfield, Herts."
t, Heidelberg.Biochemistry Department, The University, Liverpool. Sept. 17.&
"Mobil Oil Corporation, Research Department, Paulsboro, New Jersey."
On leave from the National Research Council, Ottawa."
any, Czechoslovakia."
 Internal Medicine and &
"School of Veterinary Medicine, University of Pennyslvania."
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, and Biophysics Department, King''s College, London."
"St. Helens Hospital, St. Helens, Lancashire.Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford, Lancashire."
"Fulham Laboratory, North Thames Gas Board, King''s Road, London, S.W.6. Dec. 2."
 Department of Chemistry, Ris&
 di Pavia, 27100 Pavia&
"Zoology Department, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Feb. 19."
sica de Cantabria, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cient&
"R.A.F. Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hants. July 12."
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Teddington, Middlesex. June 6."
"Physico-Chemical Laboratories, University of Banaras. Aug. 6."
nergie Nucl&
Direcci&
"Clinical Chemotherapeutic Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Western Infirmary, Glasgow, W.1. Feb. 2."
ncias e Letras, Departamento de Biologia Geral, Universidade de S&
"Institute of Pharmacology, University of Z&
"Institute of Technology, Bradford, 7, Yorkshire."
"Rheumatism Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital, Taplow, Maidenhead."
tre, Universit&
Department of Immunology, Ume&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Royal Hospital, West Street, Sheffield S1 3SR"
"CSIRO Radiophysics Laboratory, Sydney."
Cell Biology/Anatomy and &
"Instituto de Investigaciones Bioqu&
"Chemical Central Research Institute, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Hung&
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Entomology, Yeerongpilly, Queensland."
r Zellbiologie (Tumorforschung), Universit&auml
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Oct. 24."
"Ernst Boehringer Institut f&
"Electricity Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington. May 1."
 di Padova."
"Department of Biology, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario. March 25.&
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, University of London."
"Division of Cytogenetics, Department of Pathology, City of Hope Medical Center, Duarte.&
cola, Minist&
 and 2nd Internal Medicine&
"Department for Experimental and Clinical Chemotherapy, Robert-R&
, Bishopton Road West, Stockton-on-Tees. July 17."
11999
MRC Speech and Communication Unit, University of Edinburgh&
MRC Speech and Communication Unit, University of Edinburgh"
"Radiation Research Laboratories, Mellon Institute, Carnegie&
"PO Box 8117, Causeway, Rhodesia."
al, Case Postale 6128, Montr&
"Nobel Institute for Physics, Stockholm 50. Oct. 20."
62490
 Development Department, Experimental Station E328, E. I. du Pont de Nemours &amp
"Research Laboratories, John Wyeth and Brother, Ltd., New Lane, Havant, Hants."
"Edgar C. Bain Laboratory for Fundamental Research, United States Steel Corporation, Monroeville, Pa."
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra."
"Nuffield Department of An&
"Chemistry Department, University of Edinburgh. Nov. 18."
r VirusforschungInstitut f&
Institute of Geological Sciences, 5 Princes Gate, London SW7 1QN"
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London.&
"17 Cumberland Court, Cardigan Road, Leeds 6. Oct. 9."
Present address: Estaci&
"Department of Neurochemistry, Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London WC1"
Physics Laboratory I, H. C. &
"Scientific Department, No. 5 Area, South-Western Division, National Coal Board, Ystrad Mynach, Hengoed, Glam. Sept. 11."
t, Berlin, G.D.R."
"Metallurgical Laboratory, Canadian Armament Research and Development Establishment, Quebec."
 Present addresses: Cell Biology &amp
Department of Clinical Immunology and &
Professor Barnicot died on May 14, 1975.&
"Aeronomy Group, Engineering Department, Universidad Nacional de La Plata, and Comisi&
 1, Plze&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. March 17."
 Weg, D-5000 K&
r keramische Bauteile, Universit&auml
To whom correspondence should be addressed. "
Department of Physical Chemistry, Facultad de Farmacia y Bioqu&
To whom correspondence should be addressed. &
Istituto di Genetica, Universit&
"Department of Metabolic Research, Wenner-Gren Institute, University of Stockholm. Nov. 8."
Gamma&
"Department of Bacteriology, The University, Glasgow, W.2.Glaxo Laboratories Ltd., Sefton Park, Stoke Poges, Bucks."
 Internal Medicine, &
 Department of Molecular Genetics and &
Present addess: Institute of Physiology, University of Glasgow."
 Direction des Antiquit&
"Toxicology Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Serum Research Institute, Carshalton, Surrey. Dec. 20."
"Institute &
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough. Dec. 17."
"Division of Radiophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. May 20."
"MRC Clinical Endocrinology Unit, 2 Forrest Road, Edinburgh EH 1 2QW&
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Limited, Maidenhead, Berks. March 14."
"Danish Institute for Fishery and Marine Research, Charlottenlund. Nov. 5."
dicale U.I84, Facult&
"Department of Geophysics, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario."
To whom correspondence should he addressed."
"Istituto di Farmacologia dell''Universit&agrave
"Division of Neurophysiology &amp
"Department of Clinical Endocrinology and Diseases of Metabolism, University Hospital, Leyden. Dec. 8."
"Department of Anatomy,Department of Biology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2. Nov. 23."
"Department of Zoology, University College, London, W.C.1. Feb. 11."
Hunting Geology and Geophysics Ltd, 6 Elstree Way, Borehamwood."
"Marine Research Institute, Sk&
"Cable and Wireless, Ltd., Mercury House, Theobald''s Road, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Metallurgy, University of Sheffield."
"East African Marine Fisheries Research Organization, P.O. Box 668, Zanzibar."
Geochemistry Division, Institute of Geological Sciences, London&
r Medizin und Biologie, Berlin-Buch."
partment de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
166 Old Street, London, E.C.1."
National Cancer Center Research Institute, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku, Tokyo"
"Institute of Pathophysiology, University Medical School, Budapest.&
"Institute of Pathophysiology, University Medical School, Budapest."
orique, (ERA No. 549), Universit&
"Laboratory for Spectroscopic Analysis, University of Brussels.&
pital Raymond Poincar&
"Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Department of Supply, Baillieu Laboratory, University, Melbourne, N.3. July 31."
Please address all correspondence to M.M."
 Present address: Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"MRC Developmental Psychology Unit, Drayton House, Gordon Street WC1"
"The British Petroleum Co., Ltd., B.P. Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
Dipartimento di Biologia Cellulare e dello Sviluppo, Universit&agrave
bak."
 de 1''Institut National de la Sant&
"Pharma Division, Preclinical Research in &
"Research Association of British Rubber Manufacturers, Shawbury, Shrewsbury, Salop. April 12."
"Kiruna Geophysical Observatory.Research Institute of National Defence, Stockholm, 80."
Travelling Fellow of the Rockefeller Foundation."
"Bland-Sutton Institute of Pathology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W. 1."
"USDA Forest Service, Northeastern Forest Experiment Station, Forestry Sciences Laboratory, Durham, New Hampshire"
"Nuclear Physics Division, AERE, Harwell."
"Institut de Min&
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics, University College, Dundee. April 15."
, Aghia Paraskevi, Attikis, Athens&
 di Scienze, Roma, Italia"
"Departments of Microbiology and Genetics, University of Ume&
vrier, 76 Rouen, and Unit&
"Biology Division, Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Richardson and Cruddas Building, Byculla, Bombay, 8."
"Departments of Dermatology and Biomolecular Structure, The University, Leeds. June 8."
.S.S.R."
"Davy Faraday Laboratory, Royal Institution, London, W.1. June 5."
"Birkbeck College Crystallography Laboratory, 21 Torrington Square, London, W.C.1."
"Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. Nov. 28."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1. and Canal Zone Biological Area, Drawer C, Balboa. July 13."
"Departments of Biochemistry&
Seconda Cattedra di Microbiologia,&
"Entomology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
"Department of Pharmacology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
Centre Anti-canc&
r Biophysikalische Chemie, 3400 G&
"Department of Chemistry and Biology, Acton Technical College, London, W.3. Jan. 24."
"Antarctic Division, Department of External Affairs, 187 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria."
"Neurological Research Unit, Medical Research Council, National Hospital for Nervous Diseases, Queen Square, London, W.C.1. June 14."
 Centre d''Etude duPolymorphisme Humain, 27 rue Juliette Dodu,and &
r Radiumforschung, Vienna. March 16."
Carlo Erba&
Ceramic Synthesis and Inorganic Chemistry Department 1846,&
r Physik und Astrophysik, Institut f&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. Dec. 27.&
"Geologisch-Pal&auml
"ARC Pest Infestation Laboratory, Slough.Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden."
ologie, Laboratoire de G&
 Physik-Department E22, Technische Universit&auml
Institut des Sciences de la Terre, Universit&
Present address, and address for reprint requests: Division of Experimental Microbiology, Department of Medical Microbiology, University of Z&
e de I''Momme, Place du Trocad&
Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory, Princetown University, PO Box 308, Princetown, New Jersey, 08540"
Rosenlaui&
 l''Energie Atomique, Service d''Electronique Physique, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Botany Department, Bedford College for Women, London, N.W.1. Feb. 22."
es, Universit&
"Molecular Biophysics Unit, Unilever, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts."
Department of Physics, Faculty of Science, and &
517 J&
GIS Oc&
"Textile Research Institute, Princeton, New Jersey. March 26."
"Agricultural Research Council, Radiobiological Laboratory, Letcombe Regis, Wantage, Berkshire."
"Department of Medicine, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London."
"Department of Chemical Engineering, University College, London, W.C.1. Dec. 5."
t M&
"Department of Histology and Embryology, University of Glasgow Veterinary College."
"Zoophysiological Institute, University of Lund."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Aug. 1."
Nuffield Visiting Professor, Birkbeck College, University of London."
od&
 Anatomy and &
a Animal, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad de Barcelona."
 la Gr&
r Physiologische Chemie der Ruhr-Universit&auml
"Department of Bacteriology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. July 17."
"Eijkman Institute, Djakarta. June 10."
o Paulo. Feb. 5.&
"Plummers, Bletchingley, Surrey. July 24."
 Libre de Bruxelles, H&
des des sols Tropicaux, Agronomic Institute of the University of Louvain, H&
Division of Molecular Pharmacology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA"
Polska Akademia Nauk, Zaklad Paleozoologii, Al. Zwirki i Wigury 93, 02&
"Laboratoire de Zoologie, Universit&
nster, H&
"Cordeaux River, Mt. Kembla, New South Wales."
"Centre de Recherche sur les Solides &agrave
Lady Tata Memorial Scholar."
"Laboratories, Messrs. Rowntree and Co., Ltd., York."
"Laboratorio di Istologia ed Embriologia, Facolt&agrave
rzburg, R&
vholmsv&auml
 and Earth and Space Sciences and Archaeology Program&
"National Institute of Public Health, Stockholm."
Present address: Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk."
"Gustaf Werner Institute for Nuclear Chemistry, University of Uppsala. Jan. 14."
"ICI Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire"
odynamique, Observatorie Oc&
Present address: Department of Biology, Laurentian University, Sudbury, Ontario."
 and Anatomy&
"Laboratorium f&
"Departments of Horticulture and Genetics&
rgen Hospital, Lillhagen.Department of Pharmacology, University of G&
n/Holstein, and Botanisches Institut der Justus-Liebig-Universit&auml
"Department of Physics, College of Science, Nagpur. May 10."
"Department of Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
CNPq/Observat&
"Medical Research Council Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, London, W.C.2.Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. March 3."
Present address: Electrical and Control Engineering Department, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
Thomas C. Jenkins Department of Biophysics, Johns Hopkins University, and &
Present address: Department of Physics, Northern Polytechnic, London, N.7."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA."
r Pathologie der Medizinischen Hochschule L&
um National d&
"Procter and Gamble Newcastle Technical Centre, Basic Research Department, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Department of Biology, Medical Faculty, University of Zagreb."
rhus Kommunehospital, &
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. March 25."
"Laboratorio de Permeabilidad I&
"Department of Pathology, Medical Academy, &
partement de Biologie CEA&
"Istituto di Fisica dell''Universit&agrave
Fellow of the Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas y Technicas.&
Cardiovascular Research, &
"Department of Geology,Department of Metallurgy, University of Sheffield. March 2."
"Glaxo Research, Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex.Surgical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. Sept. 1."
n Institute of Microbiology, Madrid."
"University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
Centre de Diagnostic Pr&
Pharmacology,&
"National Chemical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Sept. 5."
 Department of Biological Chemistry and  &
gulation Hormonale, 78, rue du Gl Leclerc-94270 Le Kremlin Bic&
ralogie des Roches Profondes et des M&
"Department of Zoology, University of Lucknow"
rieure des Industries Chimiques, University of Nancy. April 24."
 Core Support Group&
"Zoological Laboratory, University, Groningen. Aug. 8."
G. Ronzoni&
"Departmentsof Pharmacology&
"Institut de Bact&
"State Veterinary Institute, Stockholm
 Present addresses: E&amp
, Microbiology&
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 4."
adesf&
"Department of Neuroendocrinology, Institute of Psychiatry, Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5.Department of Physiology, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Aug. 19."
"Clinical Laboratory, St. Erik''s Hospital, Stockholm."
"Food and Drug Laboratories, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa."
"Agricultural Research Council, Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berkshire."
a, Instituto de Investigaci&
Post-doctoral Fellow, National Institutes of Health, 1964&
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12.&
"Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Department of Geology, University of Sheffield."
culaire et Structural,Institut de Biologie Mol&
"Exposure Trials Station, Central Dockyard Laboratory, Portsmouth.Marine Station, Millport."
o Paulo. July 8."
s et Pal&
"Ardvreck, 12 Whitefield, Rush Green Road, Lymm, Cheshire"
"Institute for Medical Research, Zagreb."
t, Kiel. May 29."
"Nieders&auml
t Kiel."
"Tube Investments Research Laboratories, Hinxton Hall, Nr. Saffron Walden."
"Department of Cell Biology, University of Glasgow"
"Fuel Research Station, Blackwall Lane, London, S.E.10. April 4."
"Istituto di Anatomia degli Animali Domestici, Istologia ed Embriologia, Universit&agrave
"Department of Clinical Chemistry, University and Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne."
Max-PLanck-lnstitut f&
"28 Alexandra Road, Epsom, Surrey."
r Meeresforschung, Bremerhaven."
Department ofNeurobiology, Im Neuenheimer Feld 364, and&
"Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucestershire."
"Department of Biochemistry and Department of Pathology, School of Medicine, Buenos Aires. April 23."
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Cancer Institute Board, Melbourne, C.I."
"Division of Virus and Cell Biology Research, Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Merck Sharp &amp
From the Medical Research Council Research Group on Immunology as Applied to Dermatology."
"SEP&
rienne, Institut Pasteur, Garches (Seine et Oise). Aug. 24."
tudes et de Recherches A&
ophysique de I''Environment, BP 96, 38402 St Martin d''H&
"Department of Pathology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1"
"Cegedur-Pechiney, Centre de Recherche et D&
s Clo&
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Council, Ottawa. July 10."
"Chemical Laboratory, Faculty of Science, Tokyo University, Bunkyoku, Tokyo. March 11."
"Freshwater Biological Association Pollution Research Unit, Water Pollution Research Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Stevenage, Herts."
"Research Laboratory, Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Crawley, Sussex. May 6."
To whomcorrespondence should be addressed"
Laboratorium f&
nico, Minist&
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala. Nov. 12."
"National Institute for Research in Dairying, Shinfield, Berkshire."
"Agricultural Research Council Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berks."
t, Karlsruhe"
ologiques, Universit&
"Institute of Endocrinology, Bucharest."
"Medical Research Council Vision Research Unit,Light Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington. April 5."
"Technological Irradiation Group, Isotope Division, Wantage Radiation Laboratory, Grove, Wantage, Berks. April 10."
4289
trique, D&
"Chemical Laboratory, University College, Galway. March 4."
"Physics Department, Brunel College of Technology, London, W.3."
Departamento de Biolog&
"Metallurgy Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington. May 29."
pital Notre-Dame, Centre Hospitalier Notre-Dame, 1560 rue Sherbrooke est, Montr&
t D&
r Experimented Medizin,II. Medizinische Klinik, Martin-Luther-Universit&auml
"Department of Inorganic and Structural Chemistry, The University, Leeds 2. Nov. 23."
Colombo Plan Fellow.&
 Centre de recherches math&
"Biochemistry Division, University of Lucknow."
Lady Davis Institute for Medical Research, Sir Mortimer B. Davis&
"Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut, II. Medizinische Klinik der Universit&auml
"Guy''s Hospital, London.Western Infirmary, Glasgow.Kinderspital, Zurich. July 21."
"Chemistry Department, Memorial University of Newfoundland, St. John''s, Newfoundland."
ge, Li&
"Physical Institute, Kyoto Technical University, Sakyoku, Kyoto.Hitach Central Laboratory, Kokubunji, Tokyo."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, University College, London, Gower Street, W.C.1."
"Royal Veterinary College, University of London."
Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113"
"Departments of Surgery and Veterinary Biochemistry, University of Glasgow."
, and Organic Chemistry&
Instituto de MicrobiologiaBioquimica/Departamento de Microbiologia y Gen&
"Department of Botany, University College, London, W.C.1.&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Li&
Present address:  Department of Geography and Department of Civil &amp
 di Bologna. March 18."
"Coalite and Chemical Products Ltd, Post Office Box No. 21, Chesterfield, Derbyshire"
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berks. March 30."
"Institute of nterdisciplinary Research, School of Medicine, Universit&
ria-krt. 114, Budapest XIV."
"Surgical Research Laboratories. Presbyterian Medical Center, San Francisco."
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Oct. 30."
Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh, Morningside Park, Edinburgh EH10 5HF&
Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, Paddington, London, W.2. Dec. 31."
"Department of Botany, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. June 5."
 Neuroscience, &
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow. Jan. 23."
"Institute of Chemistry, Reactor Centre, Osterreichische Studiengesellschaft f&
o Paulo."
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala. March 10."
"Regional Research Centre,British West Indies Sugar Research Scheme, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, St. Augustine, Trinidad, B.W.I."
Pediatrics, &
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee.&
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, Newport Road, Cardiff. Oct. 22."
Neurology and Neurological Sciences, &
Department of Experimental and Clinical Immunology, Institute of Microbiology, Medical School, Cracow&
"Department of Botany, Westfield College, University of London."
"Laboratory of Virology, Institute of Experimental and Clinical Oncology, Academy of Medical Sciences, U.S.S.R."
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Naples."
"Department of Physics, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, New Jersey."
"Institutes for Hygiene and Anatomy, Friedrich-Schiller-University, Jena."
, Laboratori di Fisica, Roma."
"Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield,"
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, near Maidenhead."
British Council Scholar."
Present address: The Ford Foundation, Casilla de Correo 4199, Buenos Aires."
British Council Scholar.&
"Hydraulics Research Station, Wallingford, Berkshire"
"Davy Faraday Research Laboratory, 21 Albemarle Street, London, W.1. Nov. 12."
ophysique de l''Environnement, 2, rue Tr&
"Department of Chemistry, University of London King''s College, Strand, W.C.2. May 26."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Elstree, Herts. Dec. 28."
"Faculty of Agriculture, Fouad I University, Cairo."
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Abteilung Genetik, D-7400 T&
Present address: Department of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Constantine College of Technology, Middlesbrough, Yorks."
Institute for Mathematical and Physical Sciences, University of Troms&
"Laboratory of Medical Chemistry, Univeristy of Leyden."
"Department of Biochemistry &amp
"Pharmacology Laboratory, Alembic Chemical Works Co. Ltd., Baroda."
Applied Fine Chemistryand&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield. Sept. 3."
nographie Physique du Mus&
"University of the Orange Free State, Bloemfontein. Feb. 10."
"Laboratoire d''Hygi&
"Vei 2961, Smestad, Oslo.Research Laboratories, Kodak, Ltd., Wealdstone, Middlesex. Aug. 18."
"Laboratory for Cell Physiology,Department of Physiology,Department of Pathology, University of S&
"The Centre for Rheumatic Diseases and University Department of Medicine, Royal Infirmary
ln, Weyertal 121, 5000 K&
Geological Survey of Rhodesia, Salisbury, Rhodesia&
"Laboratoire de Recherche de la Clinique M&
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Tokyo. March 27."
"Diamond Research Laboratory, P.O. Box 916, Johannesburg. March 21."
"Institute for Cancer Research and the Lankenau Hospital Research Institute, Philadelphia, Pa. April 28."
 Heidelberger Akademie der Wissenschaften, Institut f&
"Departments of Biology as Applied to Medicine, and Physiology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London."
 Department of Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology, Merck Sharp &amp
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abt. Molekulare Zellbiologie, Am Fassberg, 3400 G&
Minist&
"Institute of Human Nutrition Research, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
"Shell Research Limited, Thornton Research Centre, P.O. Box No. 1, Chester. June 6."
Szafer Institute of Botany, Lubicz 46, 31-512Krak&
"Departments of Cancer Research and Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, University of London."
"Department of Chemistry, Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cientificas, Caracas."
 National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, &
 de Nice&
"Research Department, Federated Foundries, Ltd., 75 Hawthorn Street, Glasgow, N. Dec. 27."
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Istituto Carlo Erba per Ricerche Terapeutiche, Milan."
"Laboratory of Cell Biology, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, Building 3, Room B1&
"Zoological Laboratory and Physiological Laboratory of the Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. Feb. 4."
Faculty of Physics and Nuclear Techniques,Academy of Mining and Metallurgy, Mickiewicza 30, 30-040 Krak&
 Biochemie, Fachbereich Chemie, Hans-Meerwein-Strasse, Philipps-Universit&auml
ophysique de l''Environement, 2 rue Tr&
Physiology and &
r biologische Kybernetik, Spemannstrasse 38, 7400 T&
Physical Research Laboratory, Navarangpura, Ahmedabad 380 009"
Present address: Department of Pathology, The General Hospital, Nottingham."
Present Address: Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Radio Research Station, Slough."
"Department of Mathematics, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Oct. 19."
Laboratory for Laser Energetics, Department of Physics &amp
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. June 21."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Osaka. Dec. 8."
"Instituto de Qu&
"Istituto di Ricerche Terapeutiche A. Fleming, Via Biella, 8, Milano."
r Physikalische Chemie und Elektrochemie, Universit&auml
"St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School (University of London), London, W.2."
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Department of Biochemistry, Jikei Medical School, Tokyo."
Laboratoire de Cristallographie et Sciences des Mat&
 Institutde G&
"The British Petroleum Company, Ltd., BP Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury on Thames."
"Gas Chromatography, Ltd., 176 Old Brompton Road, London, S.W.5. March 10."
Post-doctoral Fellow of the National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, U.S. Public Health Service."
"Unidad de Endocrinologia Experimental, Institute de Investigaciones Biomedicas, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas &amp
"Department of Textile Industries, Technical College, Bradford. Jan. 21."
"Central Electricity Generating Board, Berkeley Nuclear Laboratories, Berkeley, Gloucestershire"
"Geophysics Department of Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Medical Research Department, F. Hoffmann-La Roche and Co., Ltd., Basle."
"General Medical Clinic, Turin Medical School."
 de Recherche Thyroide et R&
"University Department of Pathology,University Department of Steroid Biochemistry, Royal Infirmary, Glasgow, C.4."
 di Pavia. Sept. 17."
Medicine Branch, National Cancer Institute, and &
raction Mol&
tique, H&
"Minerva Foundation Institute for Medical Research, Helsinki."
National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center and Cornell&
"Edward Geistlich and Sons, Ltd., Pharmaceutical Department, Wolhusen, Lucerne. June 4."
 94, 16 Avenue du Doyen L&
Cornell&
nchen, Institut f&
14125
 and Laboratory of Biochemistry&
"Zoological Institute, Faculty of Science, Tokyo University. July 30."
"Biophysics Division, Unilever Research Laboratory Colworth/Welwyn, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedford."
"The Brown&
"General Electric Space Division, Space Sciences Laboratory, Philadelphia."
a Experimental, Institute Venezolano de Investigaciones Cient&
"International Laboratory of Genetics and Biophysics, Naples."
Dipartamento di Scienze dell''Antichita, Universit&
"National Institute for Medical Research (Hampstead Laboratories), Holly Hill, Hampstead, London NW3."
"School of Physiology &amp
"Fruit and Vegetable Chemistry Laboratory, Western Utilization Research and Development Division, Agricultural Research Service, Pasadena."
 T BellLaboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974,USA&
"Commonwealth Mycological Institute, Ferry Lane, Kew, Surrey, England."
"Sarawak Museum, Kuching, Borneo."
"Trooper Rd., Norristown, Pa.Booth Memorial Hospital, Flushing, N.Y."
"Institute of Human Physiology, University of Naples. April 21."
r Physiologische Chemie der Universit&auml
 de Nice."
"Institute for Cell Biology, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, H&
fico e Tecnol&
dicale, H&
"Institute for Applied Botany and Histogenetics, University of Budapest.Research Institute for Technical Physics, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest."
"Wye College (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent. Dec. 20."
"Geological Survey of Great Britain and Museum of Practical Geology, Exhibition Road, South Kensington, London, S.W.7."
 Present address: Departments of Biochemistry &amp
"Escola Paulista de Medicina, Department of Histology, S&
r Medizinische Mikrobiologie der Justus Liebig-Universit&auml
"Botany School, University of Sydeny."
r Astrophysik und Extraterrestrische Forschung der Universit&auml
"Geological Survey and Museum, South Kensington, London, S.W.7."
"Geological Survey Department, P.O. Box 789, Georgetown, British Guiana."
"Pharmacological Laboratory, Sandoz, Basle.University Children''s Hospital, Freiburg-i.-Br.St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
"Sir William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London, W.C.1. April 30."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Aug. 12."
dical des Cordeliers, 15 rue de I''Ecole de M&
"61 Townsend Avenue, Staten Island 4, N.Y. May 1."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Feb. 7."
"Chemistry Department, Queen Mary College, London, E.1. Jan. 12."
"Department of Biological Chemistry, University, Aberdeen. Oct. 23."
tricale, Universit&
r Molekularbiologie und Biophysik, Eidgen&
"Northern Coke Research Laboratories, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne.&
"Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt, D-33 Braunschweig."
r Physiologische Chemie der Medizinischen Akademie Duesseldorf
"Central Agricultural Research Station, for Caroni Limited, and Ste. Madeleine Sugar Co., Ltd., Waterloo Estate, Carapichaima, Trinidad."
"Ditton Laboratory, Larkfield, Maidstone, Kent."
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Oct. 2."
r Anthropologie und Humangenetik der Universit&auml
"Institute of Cancer Research, Experimental Section, 1115 Berlin-Buch."
"Department of Experimental Medicine, Medical School, University of the Saar. April 24."
"Lankenau Hospital Research Institute and Institute for Cancer Research, Philadelphia 11, Pa. Sept. 21."
Laboratoire de Chimie-physique, Facult&
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwickshire."
Max-Planck-lnstit&
"L.D. College of Engineering, Ahmedabad 9. Aug. 22."
Present address: Royal Technical College, Salford."
"Biochemical Laboratory, Veterinary College, State University, Ghent. May 25."
Centre de Biochimie, Facult&
x00159
x00155
a, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Aut&
12, NASA&
 G&
"Government Analyst''s Laboratory, P.O. Box 8042, Causeway, Salisbury, Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. Aug. 4."
ne de la C&
"Chemical Physics Group, National Physical and Chemical Research Laboratories, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria."
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Berkshire. Aug. 25."
"Pharmakologisches Institut, Johannes Gutenberg-Universit&auml
"Pathology Department, Queen Mary''s (Roehampton) Hospital, Roehampton, London, S.W.I5. Jan. 16."
t, Graz. June 9."
t Frankfurt am Main."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Edinburgh. Sept. 21."
Department of Immunology&
n de Graduados y de Investigaci&
Department of Veterinary Pathology&
"Solid State Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire.Botany Department, King''s College, University of London."
"Chelsea Polytechnic, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. Jan. 8."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, London, S.W.3. Oct. 1."
"Arch&
"Laboratoire de chimie analytique et min&
Present address: Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of General Medicine, Charles University, Albertov 4, Czechoslovakia."
British Egg Marketing Board Fellow in Poultry Research."
t Bern.Laboratorio di Geologia Nucleare, Pisa."
ophysique Appliqu&
Present address: Department of Pathology, Royal Gwent Hospital, Newport, Mon."
University of Stockholm, Division of Chemistry, The Wallenberg Laboratory, Lilla Frescati, S-104 05 Stockholm 50&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, University of Glasgow. Sept. 17."
Now at the Royal Danish School of Pharmacy, Copenhagen."
"University Biochemical Laboratory, Madras, 25. Sept. 19."
"National Coal Board, Coal Research Establishment, Stoke Orchard, near Cheltenham, Gloucestershire."
Public Health Service Research Fellow of the National Cancer Institute."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Edinburgh"
x0015F
partementale pour la D&
 Department of Neurology and Neurological Surgery (Neurology) and &
 Laboratoire d''H&
"Unilever Research Laboratory, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts."
 To whomcorrespondence should be addressed. "
 Fibre Factory, Dumfries.&
Biophysics and &
INSERM Unit&
"The Davy-Faraday Research Laboratory, The Royal Institution, 21 Albemarle Street, London, W.1.&
 Research, Ltd., Milstead Laboratory, Broad Oak Road, Sittingbourne, Kent."
Public Health Postdoctoral Research Fellow CF 10,017.&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, Institute of Pathology, The London Hospital, London E1."
"Radio and Space Research Station, Slough."
"Observatoire du Puy de D&
"Laboratories of &
"Department of Anatomy, School of Medicine, Leeds 2."
Department of Molecular and Human Genetics,&
"Istituto Regina Elena per lo Studio dei Tumori, Divisione Scientifica, Viale Regina Elena 291. Roma."
r Strahlenforschung m.b.H., Institut f&
r Molekularbiologie and Biochemie &
"Department of Zoology, The University, Leeds, 2. June 1."
National Institutefor Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA,UK&
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Feb. 16."
Pediatrics and &
Laboratoire de Chimie Biologique, Universit&
"Division of Perinatal Medicine, Departments of Obstetrics&
"Department of Psychology, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, N.W.1."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Nov. 1."
matologie, Toulouse."
"Department of Geology, University of Jammu and Kashmir, May 11."
"Division of Experimental Oncology, Institute of Pathological Anatomy, University of Padova"
"Innere Universit&auml
"Beyolu Ilk Yardim Hastahanesi, Beyolu, Istanbul.St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1. April 26."
"Department of Bacteriology, University, Leeds."
"Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin, Arbeitsstelle f&
To whom requests should be addressed.Permanent addresses: &
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra, A.C.T. Sept. 25."
"Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berkshire.Department of Physics, Hammersmith Hospital, London."
"Jodrell Bank Experimental Station, Lower Withington, Cheshire. Oct. 2."
"Nuclear Chemistry Centre of the National Research Council, Padua. Dec. 1."
Department of Forensic Medicine&
"Research Establishment, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, The Experimental Factory, Greyhope Road, Aberdeen. Feb. 25."
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Surrey. Jan. 25."
 Physics Department, Ris&
"Department of Botany, Faculty of Science, University of Cairo."
"Institute of General Pathology, University of Aarhus. March 26.&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Feb. 3."
"Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut, G&
 libre de Bruxelles. March 22."
Centre de Recherches sur les Tr&
"Chemistry Division, Franklin Institute Laboratories, Philadelphia, 3, Pa."
Istituto di Geodesia e Geofisica, Universit&agrave
o Paulo. Oct. 24."
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Aberystwyth."
"Department of Microbiology, Sapporo Medical College, Sapporo."
rique et Mini&
dicas (Fundaci&
aires.&
aires."
"The Chimes, Radford Rise, Stafford."
"Division of Pure Chemistry, National Research Council, Ottawa."
culaire, Institut le Bel, Univrsit&
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala."
47 Pall Mall, London SW1"
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
Present address: Laboratoire de Cytologie et Morphog&
Department of Zoology
"Departments of Medicine (Division of Clinical Pharmacology) and of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9."
"Department of Zoology, University of Edinburgh, West Mains Road, Edinburgh, 9.&
"Department of Biological Sciences, Wye College (University of London), Ashford, Kent. Nov. 5."
aires de Saclay, BP n&
"Medical Research Council, Biophysics Research Unit, King''s College, 26&
Present address: The J. Heyrovsk&
"G&
"100, Green Lane, Hersham, Walton on Thames, Surrey.&
Institut de Biologie Mol&
"Department of Physiology, University College, Cardiff."
Laboratorie de Glaciologie et G&
 Istituto di Ecologi&agrave
"Pharmacological Section, Research Laboratory, Takeda Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd., Osaka. April 10."
Space Telescope&
"National Physical Laboratory, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria. Aug. 18."
t, Sigwartstr. 10, 74 T&
"Division of Immunology and Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA&
"Shell Research Limited, Tunstall Laboratory, Sittingbourne, Kent."
Developmental Biology Program and &
"Rhodes University, Grahamstown. Dec. 20."
-Salp&
 and Cancer Chemotherapy, Imperial Cancer Research Fund, London."
Departments of Neurology and &
"Applied Superconductivity Center, &
"Royal Observatory, Edinburgh 9."
"Obstetrical and Gyn&
Department of Virology, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London W12"
"The Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 5LR"
"Department of Agriculture, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
ge, Rue des Bonnes Villes, 1, 4020 Li&
"Merck Sharp &amp
"Department of Dental Science, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, W.C.2."
"General Electric Research Laboratory, Schenectady.National Museum Centre for Prehistory and Palaeontology, Nairobi."
"Department of Anatomy, University Medical School and Electron Microscope Laboratory of the J&
rologie et d''Immunog&
 Dipartimentodi Chimica, Universit&agrave
"Service de Physique Th&
 P. Gallano, M. Coulon, C. Duros, J. Boue &amp
March 1955."
Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Plas Gogerddan, Aberystwyth&
"Institute of Pathophysiology, University Medical School, P&
gaten 70, N-5014 Bergen-Universitetet"
rieures, Universit&
 Max-Planck Institute for Biology, Corrensstrasse 42, 7400 T&
dicas, Universidad Nacional de C&
Attached from: Department of Astronomy, University College, London."
2277
"State Institute of Hygiene, Department of Biochemistry and Isotope Research, Budapest, IX."
"British Food Manufacturing Industries Research Association, Leatherhead, and Torry Research Station (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Aberdeen. Jan. 29."
September 1963."
FAO Fellow
"Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Research Department, Agricultural and Horticultural Division, Lenton Experimental Station, Nottingham."
Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, Wassenaarseweg, 64, Leiden, Nederland."
 National Institute for Tuberculosis, Budapest 124."
"Observatoire de Gen&
"Esso Research and Engineering Company, PO Box 121, Linden, New Jersey 07036"
 Dipartimento di Genetica, Biologia e Chimica Medica, Universit&agrave
Institute of Medical Microbiology, University of G&
"Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie, Leiden."
Department of Experimental Hematology  and &
li ut 2, Budapest, 9. Nov. 11."
r Organische Chemie, Universit&auml
Hargitt Fellow."
"Department of Pathology,Cardiac Department,Department of Physical Medicine, Royal Free Hospital, Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1.&
"Shell Research, Ltd, Tunstall Laboratory, Sittingbourne, Kent.&
"Department of Statistics, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
Department of Anatomy, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College.&
t, Mainz."
"Division of Oncology, Chicago Medical School."
"Institute of Sedimentary and Petroleum Geology, Calgary, Alberta"
r Angewandte Zoologie, Institut f&
Department ofGeological Sciences, Durham University, Durham DH1 3LE,UK&
Predoctoral fellow, Life Insurance Medical Research Fund."
Present address: Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex."
"Department of Botany, King''s College, University of London, London, W.C.2. July 22."
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth."
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of Sheffield, and Sheffield Royal Infirmary. May 12."
"Laboratory of Physical and Nuclear Chemistry, Banaras University."
"Department of Dermatology, University College Hospital Medical School, University Street, London, W.C.1."
AbteilungMolekulare Entwicklungsbiologie, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, P.O. Box 109, City, Canberra. April 20."
"Department of Botany, Westfield College, London, N.W.3."
  Laboratoire de Physique des Oc&
"Division of Applied Chemistry, CSIRO, P.O. Box 4331, Melbourne, Victoria 3001"
rperphysik ETH-Z&
a, Faultad de Ciencias M&
"Charles Salt Research Centre, Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital, Oswestry, Shropshire.&
r Organische Chemie der Eidgen&
"Charles Salt Research Centre, Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital, Oswestry, Shropshire."
"Institute for Exploratory Research, U.S. Army Electronics Laboratories, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey."
National Institutes of Health Postdoctoral Fellow (GPD-10,269-C2R1).&
Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, National Agricultural Advisory Service, Kenton Bar, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"C&
tsklinik, W&
"Clove Research Scheme, Zanzibar. (Seconded from Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.) March 27."
"Centre de Recherches allergiques et immunologiques, H&
 de Bretagne Occidentale, 615 &
 and Cell Biology&
 Department of Medicinal Chemistry,&
"Bayerisches Geoinstitut,  Universit&auml
Biochemical Sciences and &
"Institute of Dermatology, British Postgraduate Medical Federation, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, London, W.C.2."
IGL, Universit&auml
ologiques et Mini&
trique, 38406 St Martin d''H&
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. July 28."
Fellow of the Italian National Research Council."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. July 16."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at SamuelLunenfeld Research Institute."
"Institut de M&
Present address: Baywood Chemicals Ltd.,"
U327 Institut National de la Sante et de la RechercheM&
04 to the Virus Research Unit."
r Medizinische Forschung, Institut f&
ficiences, Universit&
"Torry Research Station (Food Investigation Organization, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Aberdeen. Dec. 2."
"High Altitude Observatory and &
 de Rennes,"
"Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow. March 29."
"Institute of Toxicology, University of T&
ndor u.2/a, Budapest, VIII. Feb. 4."
"Baker Medical Research Institute, Melbourne.Department of H&
 G. J. Morgan &amp
"Institute of Organic Chemistry, Royal Agricultural College, Uppsala 7. Jan. 29."
"Solid State Division,Electronics and Applied Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
lovopolsk&
 &amp
60."
"Department of Botany, Birkbeck College, University of London."
Geology Department, Victoria University, Wellington&
 des Sciences et Techniques du Languedoc, Place Eug&
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Forest Products, Yarra Bank Road, Melbourne."
"Organic Chemistry Department, Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
"Department of Anatomy, University of Edinburgh."
"Departments of Microbiology and Immunology, and&
"Laboratoire d''Enzymologie tumorale, 14a, rue Simonis, Bruxelles."
 Libre de Bruxelles. June 24.&
tudes des Techniques Chirurgicales (CNRS), and Institut d''lmmuno-Biologie, H&
r Astrophysik, 8046 Garching bei M&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Oct. 25."
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Verna and Mars McLean Department ofBiochemistry, &
GNV, &
 Permanent address: Institut f&
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
 Division of Laboratory Medicine, Department of Pathology and Department of Internal Medicine, and &
pine, Laboratoire d''H&
"Division of Entomology, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. May 13."
"West African Cacao Research Institute, Tafo, Gold Coast. Nov. 13."
"Laboratory of Plant Physiology, Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College, Copenhagen. Oct. 29."
"Department of Pediatrics, Harvard Medical School
"Department of Botany, College of Agriculture, Brno, Czechoslovakia."
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Aug, 7."
"National Primate Research Centre, Nairobi."
57303
ni&
1211, Gen&
ne, 1 Rue des Bonnes Villes, Li&
Microbiology and &
"School of Tropical Medicine, Pembroke Place, Liverpool, 3."
"U.S. Naval Medical Research Unit No. 2, Box 14, APO San Francisco."
"Akers Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Aug. 8."
"Department of Physics, University, Nottingham. Sept. 26."
"University Observatory, Leiden."
Copernicus Astronomical Center, Bartycka 18, 00&
 des Sciences, Laboratoire d''Oc&
Carlos Chagas Filho&
"Pharmacognosy Department, Royal Pharmaceutical Institute, Kungstensgatan 49, Stockholm Va."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Dec. 19."
, University of Naples, and Institute of Biochemistry, University of Naples."
"Department of Radiotherapy, St. Thomas'' Hospital, London, S.E.1."
"Department of Biology, Memorial University of Newfoundland, St John''s, Newfoundland."
"Department of Chemistry, Sir John Cass College, London, E.C.3.Department of Applied Physics, Northampton Polytechnic Institute, London, E.C.1. March 22."
Department of Microbiology, Rush&
bingen. Aug. 26."
"Department of Membrane Research and &
"Department of Natural Philosophy, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow. Sept. 19."
"Research Laboratory, Mars, Ltd., Slough, Bucks. July 8."
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire. May 9."
"Ship Division, National Physical Laboratory, Faggs Road, Feltham, Middlesex."
dics, Brockley Hill, Stanmore. June 1.&
dicales&
"Department of Chemical Engineering, University College, London."
 de Recherche en G&
34 Montpellier"
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Jan. 13."
"Department of Pharmacognosy, School of Pharmacy, 29&
 des Sciences, Marseille."
"Institut du Radium, Biologie, B&
"CSIRO Division of Animal Health, Animal Health Research Laboratory, Private Bag No. 1, P.O. Parkville, Victoria, 3052"
Now at the Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh."
 Biological Response Modifiers Program, National Cancer Institute and &
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent. Sept. 22."
Department of Cell Differentiation, Academy of Sciences of DDR, Robert Rossle Strasse 10, 1115 Berlin, DDR&
Groupe de Radioastronomie d&
"Institute of Plant Physiology, Uppsala 7. Dec. 29."
"Admiralty Materials Laboratorv, Poole.&
"Medical Research Laboratories, Charing Cross Hospital, London, W.C.2. Nov. 22."
trologie s&
 di Padova, Padua."
"Virus Diagnostic Unit, Central Laboratory, Ontario Department of Health, Toronto."
"Research Laboratory (Biological), International Paints, Ltd., Newton Ferrers, Plymouth. Dec. 29."
"Radio Amateur Scientific Observations, 121 S. Broad Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Jan. 11."
"Department of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, New Jersey.&
"Geological Survey Division, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, P.O. Box 69, Dodoma, Tanganyika."
PO Box 708, Princeton, New Jersey 8340&
tique G&
"Departments of Physiology and &
"Rolls-Royce Ltd., Old Hall, Littleover, Derby."
"Marine Biology Station, Menai Bridge, Anglesey. Jan. 28."
"School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill."
tique, (INSERM U50), 94800 Villejuif&
Microbiology, &
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7.&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
"International Laboratory of Marine Radioactivity, Mus&
Fellow of the National Foundation."
Department of Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences, and &
ttingen"
"Royal Air Force Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hants."
"Division of Oncology, Chicago Medical School, Chicago 8, Ill. April 3."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London.&
"Biophysics Department, Institute of Cancer Research, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey."
"Institute of Experimental Medicine, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, and Physicochemical Institute, Ukrainian Academy of Sciences, Kiev."
"The Institute for Cancer Research, Fox Chase, Philadelphia.&
s University, Budapest. March 1."
obotany, Lucknow."
"Department of Physics, University, Sheffield 10. June 25."
n Investigaciones Radiobiol&
29 Drury Lane, London WC2."
"Department of Geography, University of Strathclyde."
"Pathology Department, West Wales General Hospital, Carmarthen."
"King''s College, London, and Anti-Locust Research Centre, London. May 24."
"Physics Department, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota, Gold Coast. Nov. 10."
 Medicine Branch, and&
"University College of London, Gower Street, London WC1."
"Istituto Biochimico Italiano, Via Brembo 65, Milano."
"Institute for Soil Fertility, Groningen. Oct. 16."
Department of Immunology, Institute of Child Health, London.&
"Department of Pathology,Department of Neurology and Psychiatry,Department of Biochemistry, University of M&
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam. Sept. 15."
"Fairfax Institute of Pathology, Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney. Feb. 8."
 l''&
"Defence Research Medical Laboratories, P.O. Box 62, Postal Station &
"Physics Department, College of Science, University of Baghdad."
m Virus Laboratory, Instituto Evandro Chagas, Bel&
Max-Planck-Instit&
"Research Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham."
, 25044 Besan&
17518
 Vascular Research Division, Department of Pathology, Brigham and Women''s Hospital and Harvard Medical School, and &
"Space Science Division&
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Weybridge."
"University Botany Laboratory, Madras 5. March 30."
"Fisheries Development and Research Unit, Freetown."
"MRC Unit for Metabolic Studies in Psychiatry, University Department of Psychiatry, Middle-wood Hospital, PO Box 134, Sheffield S6 1TP"
On leave from: Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad&
et de la Recherche M&
"Departments of Isotope Research&
Fellow, Helen Hay Whitney Foundation."
dimentologie, Universit&
"Glynn Research Laboratories, Bodmin, Cornwall."
Molecular Mechanisms of Tumor Promotion Section, Laboratory of Cellular Carcinogenesis and Tumor Promotion, and &
"Radio Physics Laboratory, Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Defence Research Board, Ottawa 4, Ontario."
"Laboratorio di Chimica Biologica, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
Present address: National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick, England."
ge.&
ge."
"National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda."
"Department of Veterinary Pharmacology, Glasgow University Veterinary Hospital."
"Chemical Carcinogenesis Division, Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Fulham Road, London SW3"
 To whom correspondence should be addressed.Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
Molecular Pathophysiology Branch, Building 10, Room 8C-101, NIDDK,&
"Medical Professorial Unit, St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London EC1Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London W11Kennedy Institute for Rheumatology, West London Hospital, London W6."
partement des Sciences de la Terre, Universit&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University of Sheffield, Royal Infirmary, Sheffield."
"Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cardiff."
G. I. S. &
"Laboratoire de Chimie Physique Mol&
"Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University of London, Chelsea Hospital for Women, London.Professorial Surgical Unit Laboratory, Westminster Hospital, London."
"Department of Textile Industries, Technical College, Bradford. July 20."
"Division Pharmaceutique, Union Chimique Belge, Brussels. Oct. 6."
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Ministry of Power, Central Laboratories, Sheffield."
"Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment, Defence Research Board, Ottawa."
"Biotechnical Laboratory, Swedish Sugar Corp., Arl&
Rockefeller Foundation Fellow 1955&
Centre D&
U.S. Public Health Service Postdoctoral Fellow (GM&
"Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, Technische Hochschule, Vienna.Nussdorferstr. 70, Vienna.&
"Department of Metallurgy, University, Sheffield. Feb. 2."
"Department of Radiobiology, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
"Breeding Research Department, Thornber Bros., Ltd., Mytholmroyd. Halifax. Jan. 23."
"John Innes Institute, Bayfordbury, Hertford, Herts."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Plant Pathology Laboratory, Harpenden, Herts."
Department of Chemistry,&
r Toxikologie und Embryonalpharmokologie, Freie Universit&auml
"Armagh Observatory. Nov. 5."
dicale Universitaire, Universit&
Physikalisches Institut, Universit&auml
Istituto di Fisica dell'' Universita&
"Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, Philadelphia, Pa."
Present address: Sericultural Experiment Station, Suginami-ku, Tokyo."
Present address: Department of Landscape Architecture, University of Sheffield, Sheffield 10."
"Central Research Laboratory, Canadian Industries, Ltd., McMasterville, Quebec."
Permanent address: Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
Department of Metallurgical Engineering,&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, SW3 6JB"
"Environmental Research Laboratory&
terfy S. u. Institute of Pathological Physiology, University Medical School, Budapest."
"Service de Chimie Physique, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Industrial Hygiene Research Laboratories, ICI, Alderley Park, Cheshire."
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi 8. May 28.&
"Kennedy&
Department of Anthropologyand &
City of Bradford Art Gallery and Museums&
"Marinbiologisk Laboratorium, Charlottenlund Slot."
Usual address: Department of Science, Hatfield Technical College, Herts."
"Department of Legal Medicine, Sapporo Medical College, Sapporo."
"Dept. of Physics, Imperial College, London.Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bombay."
"Department of Fuel Technology and Chemical Engineering, University of Sheffield, Newcastle Street, Sheffield."
To Whom reprint requests should be addressed."
r Umweltphysik, Universit&auml
"Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London, W.6. March 5."
"Department of Chemistry, Physics and Metallurgy, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire."
"Geologisch-palaeontologisches Institut der Freien Universit&auml
 First Department of Surgery,&
Soci&
Present address: Department of Pathological Biochemistry, University of Glasgow and Royal Infirmary, Glasgow."
Present address: National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Department of Chemistry and Applied Chemistry, Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford, Lancashire."
trie de Masse de l''Universit&
t, W-8000 M&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Feb. 12."
"Joint Mycology Laboratories, Departments of Botany and Chemistry, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, W.2.&
IBM Research Division, Zurich ResearchLaboratory, 8803 R&
"Grassland Research Station, Hurley, Berks. March 29."
"Unesco Science Co-operation Office for South Asia, Delhi. Aug. 25."
"Department of Bacteriology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London Bridge, S.E.l. March 1."
"National Blood Transfusion Service, Sheffield.Blood Group Reference Laboratory, Medical Research Council, Lister Institute, London, S.W.1. July 31."
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London. E.C.1."
"Department of Bacteriology (Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food), National Agricultural Advisory Service, Wye, Ashford, Kent."
      Division of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, and &
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Queen Mary College (University of London). Jan. 1."
t, Giessen."
"Laboratoire Immunologie des Tumeurs, Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
"King Gustaf Vth Research Institute, Stockholm 60.Hormone Laboratory, Department of Women''s Diseases, Karolinska Kjukhuset, Stockholm 60.Department of Medicine, Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm 6O. Nov. 28"
Applied Physics Division, Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston&
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Nov. 16."
CTP Petrozaire, Ministry of Mines &amp
"McGill-Montreal General Hospital Research Institute, 3619 University Street, Montreal, 2.&
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi 8."
Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto 101, Ontario&
Astronomical Institute, Czechoslovak Academy of Science, 251 66 Ond&
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi. Delhi 6."
"Department of Neurophysiology, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
Visiting research associate, 1968&
"Division of Chemistry, National Research Council, Ottawa. Aug. 10.&
"Physico-chemical Laboratory, Annamalai University, Annamalainagar."
"Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
Present address: Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9JZ&
micas, &
"Physics Department, Technological Institute, Gda&
"Beecham Research Laboratories, Ltd., Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
"Department of Cytogenetics, Jute Agricultural Research Institute, Barrackpore, West Bengal. Oct. 21."
tre, 94270 Kremlin-Bic&
decine, Strasbourg."
R.R.S. Discovery
Departmentof Molecular Biology, &
Present address: Department of Biology, The University, Southampton SO9 5NH."
On leave at Max-Planck-Institut f&
National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Surrey&
"Mineralogisk Museum, Universitetet, K&
"Upper Atmosphere Section, CSIRO, Camden, NSW."
"Research Station, British Petroleum Co., Ltd., Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames. Oct. 22."
tedra de Fi&
"Laboratoire d''Analyses Chimiques, Clinique M&
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield.Department of Oral Pathology, University of Sheffield."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Applied Physics, Chippendale, New South Wales."
"Dow Chemical Co., Framingham, Mass. April 16."
"Research Department, CIBA Pharmaceutical Company, Summit, New Jersey 07901."
m 66.000, Par&
"Institute of Psychiatry, London."
"Division of Entomology, National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Nishigahara, Kita-ku, Tokyo."
"Metamathematics Unit, University of Edinburgh."
Laboratory of Reproductive Physiology, School of Veterinary Medicine and &
"Institute of Physiological Chemistry, 74 T&
a y Biof&
"Institute of Dental Materials, Science and Technology, University of Nijmegen Erasmuslaan 1, Nijmegen"
"Institutt for Generell og Eksperimentell Patologi, Universitetet i Oslo, Bikshospitalet, Oslo."
 127 H&
 Medicinal Chemistry, Merck Frosst Centre forTherapeutic Research, PO Box 1005, Pointe Claire-Dorval, Qu&
"Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London, W.C.1. Nov. 12."
r Biochemie, D-8033 Martinsried bei M&
"Laboratorio di Chimica Terapeutica, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
Now at the Biophysical Research Laboratory, University College, London."
 de physicochimie des macromol&
t GH Essen, Universit&auml
"Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Whitehall, London.Water Pollution Research Laboratory, Watford, Herts. May 10."
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Cairo.Department of Zoology, Faculty of Science, University of Cairo, Giza."
r Vegetative Physiologic, Johann Wolfgang Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main."
"Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh, and MRC Research Group on Clinical and Experimental Problems of Transplantation, Teviot Place, Edinburgh."
"Abteilung Angewandte Immunologie, Institut f&
"Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Department of Physics, University of Lund. Sept. 22."
"Hygiene-Institut, Gorch-Fock-Wall 15/17, Hamburg."
"Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE, Harwell, Berkshire.&
"Research Institute for Plant Protection and E&
"Department of Geology, Queen''s College, Dundee."
Department of Hygienic Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Nagoya City University, 3&
dicine, Institut de Botanique, Universit&
tstrasse 5&
r Humangenetik and Anthropologie der Universit&auml
"Department of Chemical Pharmacology, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo."
Present address: Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
"Postgraduate Medical School, London, W.12."
ZMBH, Universit&auml
National Science Foundation Summer Science Trainee.&
dimentaire et Pal&
"Instrument Development Section, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Billingham. Aug. 11."
r Strahlen- und Umweltforschung mbH, M&
"Research Department, British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool, Monmouthshire. Sept. 22."
"Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 25.&
"Division of Molecular Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington."
"Department of Biology, Ruder Bo&
gica, y Patol&
Public Health Research Fellow of the National Institute of Mental Health."
Department of Structural Properties of Materials and &
Present address: Laborat&
pitalNecker, 161 Rue de S&
"University of St. Andrews, Queen''s College, Dundee."
National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey&
National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey"
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, London, S.W.7. July 17."
"Department of Physics, Hammersmith Hospital,Medical Research Council Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12. Sept. 8."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. April 19.&
"Exploration Division, British Petroleum Research Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
Neurosciences Program and &
partment de G&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Akers Research Laboratories, Welwyn, Herts. Aug. 26."
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, London"
"1Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Research Unit in Radiobiology, British Empire Cancer Campaign, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood. Feb. 24."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Elstree, Herts. May 22."
"Virus Department, National Bacteriological Laboratory, Box 764, Stockholm 1."
"Division of Building Research, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Graham Road, Highett S.21, Melbourne."
culaire, Laboratoire Associ&
"Department of Genetics, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, W.2."
xico 01000 DF, M&
Post-doctoral Fellow of the U.S. National Foundation."
r Metallforschung, Institut f&
tedra de Microbiolog&
"Laboratory of General Pathology and Therapy, 32 Bd. de la Constitution, Li&
"Department of Chemistry, University College, Cardiff."
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abteilung Molekulare Biologie, Postfach 968, D-3400 G&
"Inorganic Department, Institute of Chemistry, University of Uppsala, Uppsala. Oct. 8."
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Orthop&
Facult&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. June 8."
ve, Geneva.&
Permanent address: Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London WC1E 7HX."
"National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, Md., and Wistar Institute, Philadelphia, Pa.&
"Research Dept., Szab&
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, Euston Road, London, N.W.1. April 20."
Present address: Freie Universit&auml
Present address: Wyeth Institute for Medical Research, Radnor, Penna.&
Immunology and Medical Microbiology and &
"Department of Biometry, University College, London, W.C.1. Jan. 3."
05 from the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, National Institutes of Health."
"Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Abbassia, Cairo. March 9."
To whom corrspondence should be addressed."
Department of Pathology, College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark, New Jersey 07107&
Middle Atlantic Coastal Fisheries Center, Sandy Hook Laboratory, Highlands, New Jersey&
Chercheur agr&
"National Standards Laboratory, University Grounds, City Road, Chippendale, N.S.W. May 17."
"Postgraduate Medical School of London, Du Cane Road, London, W.12. Dec. 19."
"Health Physics and Medical Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Laxminarayan Institute of Technology, University of Nagpur. Feb. 8.&
"Research Laboratory, British Industrial Sand, Ltd., Holmethorpe, Redhill, Surrey. June 17."
"Department of Surgical Science and the Medical Research Council Research Group on Experimental and Clinical Problems of Transplantation, University of Edinburgh."
Group Captain R.C.A.F., seconded to the Defence Research Board."
To whom reprint requests should be addressed at the Department of Psychiatry."
r Molekulare Biologie Heidelberg, Universit&auml
"Electricity Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Feb. 1."
"The Nature Conservancy, Merlewood Research Station, Grange-over-Sands, Lancs."
Swedish State Power Board, S-162 87 V&auml
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Bacteriology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Tin Research Institute, Fraser Road, Perivale, Greenford, Middlesex. Feb. 4."
 Cattolica, Facolt&agrave
"Nagoya Plant, Tokai Electrode Manufacturing Co., Horie-cho, Showa-ku, Nagoya."
"Research Council of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta."
"Commonwealth Serum Laboratories, Melbourne, N.2, Victoria."
tale, D&
"13 Scotts Avenue, Sunbury-on-Thames.British Schering Research Institute, Brook Lane, Alderley Edge, Cheshire. July 2."
"St. Thomas''s Hospital, London, S.E.1."
"Lubrication and Wear Division, National Engineering Laboratory, Thorntonhall, Glasgow."
"Department of Experimental Therapeutics, Institute of Human Nutrition, and Medical Clinic of the Postgraduate Medical Institute, Bud&
 Molecular Biophysics, &
"Institute for Cancer Research, Fox Chase, Philadelphia."
 Centre de Recherches sur les Tr&
"Department of Plant Physiology, Estaci&
"Laboratoire de Biochimie M&
 de Recherches sur les Handicaps G&
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, College House, Wrights Lane, London."
"Institute for Cancer Research and Lankenau Hospital Research Institute, Philadelphia 11, Pa. Oct. 20."
U.S. Public Health Service Career Awardee G.M.K.-3509."
 Institut de Pharmacologie Mol&
"Division of Biology, 216&
Instituto de Investigaci&
 Present addresses: Centre for Biotechnology. Blickag&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, South Farnborough, Hants. July 31."
Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Murray Hill, New Jersey.&
"Department of Technical Chemistry, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow."
Pathologisches Institut der Universit&auml
culaire et Biologie du D&
"Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern."
"Research Institute for Industrial Fermentation, Budapest."
t Kiel, Olshausenstr. 40&
"Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad-9."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 7."
Fulbright Lecturer in Microbiology, University of Edinburgh."
lowsvej 13, Copenhagen."
"C. A. Parsons and Co., Ltd., Nuclear Research Centre, Fossway, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Medical School of Ribeir&
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Establishment Trombay, Bombay.&
x000D4
"Chemical Crystallography Laboratory, Imperial College, London SW7."
"Department of Biochemistry and Nutrition, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Research Laboratories of Vitamins, Ltd., Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey."
Present address: Department of P&
"Department of Pharmaceutics, The School of Pharmacy, University of London, Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1."
"Bencard Allergy Research Unit, Beecham Research Laboratories, Betchworth, Surrey. Feb. 3."
"Department of Zoology, University of London King''s College, London WC2R 2LS"
 de Recherche sur les Effecteurs Lymphocytaires T), Facult&
"Research Division, Raytheon Company, Waltham, Mass."
t Berlin, Boltzmannstrasse 18&
nica, Instituto &
nchen, D-85747 Garching bei M&
Present address: Instituto Jaime Ferr&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Jan. 23."
Research career development awardee of the U.S. Public Health Service (grant AI&
"University of London Observatory, Mill Hill Park, London."
Department of Biochemistry, North Dakota State University, Fargo, North Dakota 58102.&
"Universities of Fribourg and Zurich. March 2."
"British Oxygen Co., Ltd., Morden, London, S.W.19"
Department of Atomic Physics, E&
r Allgemeine Physiologie, Akademiestrasse 5, 69, Heidelberg, Federal German Republic."
ster Voldgade 10, 1350 K&
Medical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
Laboratoire de Physique des Materiaux, Universit&
Present address: Middlesex Hospital Medical School, Mortimer Street, London W1, where requests for reprints should be sent."
nyi S&
"British Oxygen Research and Development, Ltd., Deer Park Road, London, S.W.19."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Deniliquin, New South Wales. Aug. 10."
ne Bataillon, 34060 Montpellier-C&
Major, Medical Corps, U.S. Army.&
"Centre de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang de l''Association Claude Bernard, H&
ologie Dynamique, 4, place Jussieu&
ICI Katalco R&amp
"McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parramatta Road, Glebe, N.S.W. Nov. 23."
"Federal Research Centre for Virus Diseases of Animals, T&
"I. Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Pharmacy, College of Technology, Byrom Street, Liverpool, 3."
"Robinson Brothers, Ltd., West Bromwich, Staffs."
 Department of Microbiology and Immunology and&
"Haematology Department, Charing Cross Hospital (Fulham), Fulham Palace Road, Hammersmith, London W6"
"Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berks."
rklinik der Justus-Liebig-Universit&auml
Dipartimento di Astronomia, Universit&agrave
partement de Biochimie M&
 di Siena, Siena."
"Bee Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Oct. 24."
 To whom corresspondence should be addressed."
Department of Geology and Mineralogy,Marischal College, Aberdeen University, Aberdeen AB91AS,UK&
Department of Earth Sciences The University, Leeds&
Department of Biology,&
Present address: The University Institute of Pathological Anatomy, 16, Juliane Maries Vej, 2100 Copenhagen &
rielle, H&
"Research Institute for the Pharmaceutical Industry, Rottenbiller-u.26, Budapest VII. Dec. 15."
Recipient of career development award 5&
"Department of Pharmacology,Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry,Bland Sutton Institute of Pathology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. July 16."
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Sydney. Dec. 11."
decine, 11 rue Humana 67085 Strasbourg C&
nia, Oran, Alg&
culaire V&
 Rimouski,300 All&
Istituto di Geofisica, Universit&agrave
"Max-Pianck-Institut f&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Dec. 19."
Present address: Research and Development Division. Smith Kline and French Laboratories, Philadelphia."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Akers Research Laboratories, The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. July 20."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Gower Street, London WC1E 6BT&
"Fairfax Institute of Pathology, Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, Camperdown, New South Wales."
"Botanical Laboratory, University, Madras 5. Feb. 19."
"Dingestow, Fairfield, Stockton-on-Tees."
Station de Zoologie exp&
"Ontario Research Foundation, Toronto 5."
"Department of Computational and Statistical Science, Liverpool University"
Genetics and Biochemistry Branch, National Institute of Arthritis, Diabetes, Digestive and Kidney Diseases, and &
"Department of Urology,Department of Clinical Biochemistry,Department of Cytology, Institute of Radiopathology. Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm 60."
Laboratoire d''Immuno-H&
"Department of Geological Engineering, Geology &amp
"Cornell&
 Experimentalphysik II, Universit&auml
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala, Uppsala. Jan. 9."
Laboratory of Immunogenetics, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and &
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire. April 19."
"Department of Pharmacology, London Hospital Medical College,Department of Physiology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. Nov. 7."
"Bundesgesundheitsamt, Abteilung f&
"Physical Laboratories, Agra College, Agra."
Present address: Institut Botanique, Universit&
"Light Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
 Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry,Department of Molecular Biology, PF 2841 D-3400 G&
Department of Earth and Space Sciences, &
Istituto di Tecnologie Biomediche Avanzate, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, via Amp&
, M. Bruyland&
Institut de Recherche en Biologie V&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Jan. 6."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
 Department of Molecular Biology, Infectious Diseases Section, Wyeth&
"The Laboratory, St. Andrew''s Hospital, Northampton"
Department of Medicine, University Medical School, Hopital Cantonal, Geneva."
"Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
reux de l''Universit&
"Department of Chemistry, Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cardiff."
Present address: Instituto Geofisica, Universidad Nacional Aut&
"Division of Research, School of Dentistry, University of Detroit. Dec. 29."
"Department of Biophysics, King''s College, 26&
 de l''Aquila.&
 de m&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. April 27."
"Institute of Coastal Oceanography and Tides, Bidston Observatory, Birkenhead, Cheshire L43 7RA"
"Laboratory of Cell Biochemistry, Institute of Cytology, Academy of Sciences, Leningrad."
"Division of Animal Health, McMaster Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Glebe, New South Wales."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Slough. March 12."
Lehrstuhl f&
"UKAEA, Chapelcross, Annan, Dumfriesshire.&
"English Electric Co., Ltd., Marconi House, Strand, London, W.C.2. July 29."
Department of Earth Sciences, The University, Leeds LS2 9JT&
"Institute of Physiology and Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, Buenos Aires. Nov. 20."
"Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, Corporate Laboratory, PO Box 11, The Heath, Runcorn, Cheshire"
"Royal Dental Hospital, School of Dental Surgery, University of London, Leicester Square, London, W.C.2."
British Antarctic Survey, Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdon&
"Primate Research Centre, Bethlem Royal Hospital, Beckenham, Kent."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cardiff. Aug. 24."
Public Health Research Fellow of the National Heart Institute."
"ZoologischesInstitut der Universit&auml
"Department of Geology, Queen''s College, University of St. Andrews, Dundee."
"Metamathematics Unit, University of Edinburgh, 9 Hope Park Square, Meadow Lane, Edinburgh, EH8 9NW."
 Geologisch Pal&auml
Applied Science and &
"Institute of Microbiology and Institute of Histology and Embryology, University Medical School, Budapest."
Present address: Department of Physiological Chemistry, University of Louvain."
Laboratoire de Physico-Chimie des Rayonnements de de l''Universit&
Present address: Istituto di Patologia Generale, II Falcolta di Medicinae Chirurgia, Napoli, Italia.&
"National Agricultural Advisory Service, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Government Buildings, Kenton Bar, Newcastle upon Tyne, 3."
Nicholas Research Fellow.&
Present address: Department of Anatomy, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1."
Seconded from Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
To whom correspondence should be addresssed."
60)."
rio de Radioqu&
"Department of Geography, South Road, Durham City.Durham School of Agriculture, Houghall, Co. Durham."
Department of Child Health, University of Sheffield&
"E.M.I. Engineering Development, Ltd., Victoria Road, Feltham, Middlesex. Feb. 4."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, London. Oct. 1."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. June 26."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 16."
"Zoology Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Oct. 10."
Established Investigator, Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas y T&
Centre Armoricain d''Etude Structurale des Socles,Universit&
r Psychiatrie, Max-Planck-Institut, M&
"M.R.C. Research Group in Applied Neurobiology, Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
"Swiss Federal Observatory, Zurich."
Currently at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.&
Instituto de Geof&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Gene Expression Laboratory,&
ve, Sciences III, 30, Quai Ernest-Ansermet, 1211 Gen&
r Umweltphysik der Universit&auml
"Analytical Chemistry Branch, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
"Applied Physics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington."
"Laboratory of Chemical Pharmacology, National Heart Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md.Geigy Company, Basle. April 6."
"   Departments of &
"MRC Human GeneticsUnit, Western General Hospital, Crewe Road, Edinburgh EH4 2XU,UK&
Physiologisch-Chemisches Institut, Universit&auml
ologie-P&
"Forest Biology Laboratory, Federal Building, Victoria, B.C. Dec. 15."
"B.P. Research Centre, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. Jan 21.&
"Advanced Teachers'' College of General and Educational Studies, (Norges L&
"Central Institute for Radiobiology, Budapest."
"Division of Cell Biochemistry, Sloan&
Humboldt-University of Berlin, Institute of Medical and General Microbiology, Virology and Epidemiology, Department of Virology, GDR-104 Berlin, Schumannstrasse 20/21&
To Whom correspondence should be addressed."
"Laboratory of Clinical Endocrinology, Department of Obstetrics and Gyn&
, P.B. 953, N-9001,Troms&
"Birkbeck College, University of London, London, E.C.4."
NSF regular post doctoral fellow."
ral, EcolePolytechnique, CP 6079, succ. centre-ville, Montr&
 Department of Anatomy and Cell Biology and &
Present address: Department of Biological Sciences, Institute of Technology, Bradford, 7."
"Departments    of &
"Plant Physiological Laboratory, College of Agriculture, Benares Hindu University. Oct. 10."
"Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Mass. Oct. 14."
rique des Syst&
Present address: Institute for Medical Research, Zagreb."
"Department of Zoology, University, Glasgow. Dec. 18."
ve, 1 rue Michel-Servet, 1211 Gen&
"Laboratoire de Biophysique, Institut de Biologie Mol&
Radio Astronomy Laboratory, &
"Forest Products Research Laboratory, Princes Risborough, Bucks."
Centre des Sciences de la Terre,Universit&
"Diabetes Research Laboratory and&
culaire et Cellulaire, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
 To whom to correspondence should be addressed."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne. Jan. 8.&
Cattedra Malattie Infettive, Universit&agrave
, Padova. July 4."
r Biologie, Abteilung Immungenetik, Corrensstrasse 42, W-7400 T&
bingen, W-7400 T&
Davy&
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Applied Chemistry, Melbourne."
, G. Gei&
Present address: Biophysics Division, National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA."
"Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen. Dec. 6."
"Department of Physiology, Zoological Station, Naples."
Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh."
fica do Ultramar, Laborat&
"Experimental Oil Test Group, Research Department, Vickers-Armstrongs, Ltd., Elswick Works, Newcastle upon Tyne 4. April 22."
"Department of Zoology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina"
"Jessop Hospital for Women, Sheffield, and Medical Research Council Unit for Research in Cell Metabolism, Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield. July 3."
"Department of Physiology,Department of Physiological Chemistry, University, Ghent. Nov. 17."
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London, Gower Street, W.C.1.&
"Laboratoire de Nutrition et d''Alimentation, Ecole Nationale V&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Box 4331, G.P.O., Melbourne."
Director, Commonwealth X-ray and Radium Laboratory.&
"Biochemistry Unit, Wool Textile Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parkville, Victoria. Aug. 17."
"Animal Health Trust, Equine Research Station, Newmarket. Nov. 22."
Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Dentistry and &
Area de Prehistoria, Universidad de Leon, 24071 Le&
Now Deceased."
Novo Research Institute, Copenhagen"
"Isotope Research Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Wantage Research Laboratory, Wantage, Berks.Research Division, Aplin and Barrett, Ltd., Yeovil, Somerset."
Lamont Doherty GeologicalLaboratory, Palisades, NewYork 10964,USA&
Division of Parasitology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
Senior research bursar, Cardio-Pulmonary Unit of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research.&
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, University of London, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Aug. 24."
 Fossil Fuels &amp
Present address: Institute Nacional de Farmacolog&
"Roosevelt University, Chicago, and Bertram and Roberta Stein Neuropsychiatric Research Program."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Aug. 25."
332, Gray''s Inn Road, London, WC1 8EE"
Present address: Institute of Dental Surgery, Eastman Dental Clinic, Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1."
"Service of Medicine and Clinical Investigation, Institut Jules Bordet, Centre Anticanc&
Swedish Medical Research Council Postdoctoral Fellow."
rale, Institut Agronomique de 1''Universit&
Chercherur qualifi&
"F. W. Berk and Co., Clay Development Laboratory, London Colney, Herts. Nov. 15."
Istituto di Microbiologia, Universit&agrave
decine Tropicale Groupe Hospitalier Piti&
"Department of Civil Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7"
Division of Hematology/Oncology, &
"Department of Biology, Memorial University, St. John''s, Newfoundland."
trologie Physique, Universit&
"Botany Department, Panjab University, Amritsar.Drug Research Laboratory, Jammu Tawi. Jan. 2."
Baas Becking Geobiological Laboratory and &
Biochemistry/Biophysics and &
Division of Molecular Virology, and &
"Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdon."
 Libre de Bruxelles, Bruxelles. July 21."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry, University, Stockholm.Gustaf Werner Institute for Nuclear Chemistry, University, Uppsala. March 27."
t, Frankfurt am Main. Sept. 15."
"Institut Jacques Monod, &
"Department of Organic Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, London, S.W.7. Feb. 4."
Present address: Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Pest Infestation Control Laboratory, Worplesdon, Surrey."
"Wenner-Gren Institute for Experimental Biology, University of Stockholm, and the P&
"Biochemical Laboratories, Institute of Psychiatry, (British Post-Graduate Medical Federation, University of London), Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5. April 14."
Biochemisches Institut, Medizinische Fakult&auml
"Departments of Pathology and Bacteriology, University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow."
"University of Glasgow&
"University of Brno, Czechoslovakia."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University College, London, W.C.1. Dec. 18."
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cork. Aug. 24."
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield, Sheffield 10."
, and Department of Pharmacology, Medical Faculty, University of Zagreb."
"Department of Physics, Instrument Technology Section, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
partement de Chimie&
"46 Ashley Gardens, Aberdeen.Brown Trout Research Laboratory, Faskally House, Pitlochry, Perthshire."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Animal Genetics, Cattle Research Laboratory, Rockhampton, Queensland.C.S.I.R.O. Division of Protein Chemistry, Wool Research Laboratories, Parkville, Victoria."
The Vollum Institute for Advanced Biomedical Research, and &
"Takamine Laboratory, Sankyo Co., Ltd., Tokyo."
 Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, URA 1761, Laboratoire de Pal&
"Geological Survey and Museum, London, S.W.7. Feb. 21."
Travelling Fellow of the British Postgraduate Medical Federation.&
 Westerham Road, Keston, Kent."
lische Wilhelms Universit&auml
"Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London."
"Centre de G&
Present address: Jiwaji Industrial Research Laboratory, Gwalior."
Laboratoire d''lmmunologie Cellulaire et Tissulaire, H&
Research Fellow in Histochemistry."
Present address : Kaptein W. Wilhelmsen og Frues, Bakteriologiske Institutt, Rikshospitalet, Oslo."
Biological Therapeutics Branch, Biological Response Modifiers Program, National Cancer Institute&
"Cancer Research Department, Royal Beatson Memorial Hospital, Glasgow. Feb. 29."
e oc&
"British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, 56 Tewin Road, Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
Present address: U.S. Army Electronic Laboratories, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey."
"Pedology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 30."
South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, Rapid City, South Dakota 57701&
"Department of Molecular Genetics, Max-Planck Institute of Biophysical Chemistry, PO Box 2841, D-3400 G&
Dipartimento di Biologia e Patologia Cellulare e Molecolare, Facolt&agrave
"Arcetri Astrophysical Observatory, Firenze, Italia."
, PO Box 35, 40351 Jyv&auml
Museu d''Historia de la Ciutat, Carrer de la For&
"Department of Morbid Anatomy, King''s College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5. June 13."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London.Whatman Research Laboratory, W. and R. Balston, Ltd., Maidstone, Kent."
Trainee under a U.S. Public Health Service grant."
"Plant Diseases Division, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Auckland. Oct. 25."
r Physikalische Biologie, Universit&auml
tedra de F&
"Istituto di Anatomia e Istologia Patologica dell'' Universit&agrave
Senior Research Fellowship SF-42 of the Public Health Service."
"Institute f&
"Department of Applied Mathematics, University of Sheffield."
ge. July 22."
Planck&
"Department of Experimental Pathology, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middlesex."
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, London."
"Department of Experimental Pathology, Mount Vernon Hospital and the Radium Institute, Northwood, Middlesex."
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. Sept. 26."
 Department of Biology &
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, University of London.Max-Planck-Institut f&
"King Gustaf V Research Institute and Department of Surgery, Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm 60. Nov. 9."
"Department of Neurophysiology, Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology, L&
"Research Institute of National Defence, Department 4, Stockholm 80."
"Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12. July 27."
"Research and Development Department, British Plaster Board (Holdings), Ltd., East Leake, Nr. Loughborough."
"Institute of Experimental Hygiene, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
Department of Zoology, University of Rhodesia, Salisbury, Rhodesia"
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1.Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Institute of Normal and Pathological Physiology, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava.Institute of Evolutionary Physiology and Biochemistry, U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences, Leningrad."
Laboratoire de I''Acc&
"Research Laboratories of the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics and Department of Pediatrics, University of Lund, Allm&auml
"Department of Agricultural Microbiology, Rutgers&
"Department of Crystallography, Birkbeck College, University of London, Malet Street, London, W.C.1"
"Northern Regional Research Laboratory,&
terveyslaitos, Helsinki. Nov. 12."
"Institut Gustave-Roussy, 94&
rich.&
rich."
 Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Tel-Aviv University Medical School, Tel-Aviv&
"Department of Physiology, University College, Cork. Aug. 26."
"National Institute of Health, Osaki, Tokyo.&
ochimiques, Ecole Nationale Sup&
"John Wyeth and Brother, Ltd, Huntercombe Lane South, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire."
"School of Pathology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1"
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Westminster Medical School, (University of London), London, S.W.1. March 30."
"CSIRO, Division of Applied Chemistry, Melbourne."
"Medical Research Council Laboratories, London, N.W.3.Biochemistry Department, University College, London, W.C.1.Postgraduate Medical School, London, W.11."
Department of physical Geography, University of Lund, S&
"Animal Leukaemia Research Unit, University of Glasgow."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College, London SW7."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food Veterinary Laboratory, Weybridge. July 18."
r Biochemie, R&
"Department of Chemotherapy, Department of Biometrics, Research Laboratories, Chemie Gr&
s de Biochimie et de Chimiotherapie.)"
"Medical Research Department, F. Hoffmann-La Roche and Co., Ltd., Basle.Pharmacology Department, Hoffmann-La Roche, Inc., Nutley, New Jersey."
"Department of Chemistry, University College, London, W.C.1."
on, 25000 Besan&
"Galton Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Galton Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1.&
56 Tewin Road, Welwyn Garden City, Herts."
On leave from University of Western Ontario."
 Prion Disease Group, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics and&
"Forestry Commission Research Station, Alice Holt Lodge, Farnham, Surrey"
"Institute of Pathophysiology, University, P&
"Institute of Chemistry, University of Li&
 di Modena."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Wildlife Research, Canberra."
"The Office of the Surgeon-General, Swedish Royal Navy, Department of Histology, University of G&
dicales, Kinshasa, Zaire&
 Institut National de Recherches Biom&
"University of Glasgow, Department of Materia Medica, Stobhill General Hospital, Glasgow G21 3UW"
"Laboratoire de Chimie Analytique, Universit&
"Laboratorium voor Technische Physica, Delft. Nov. 11."
"E.S.A. &
"Defence Research Medical Laboratories, Post Office Box 62, Postal Station &
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh, 9. Dec. 17"
"Centre de Recherches Allergiques et Immunologiques de l''Association Claude Bernard, H&
t, D-7800 Freiburg, and Max-Planck-Institut f&
Laboratoryof Molecular Biology, &
"K&
   To whom correspondence should be addressed"
"Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Department of Supply, Box 4331, G.P.O., Melbourne. Feb. 29."
me."
"Department of Photochemistry, Institute of Industrial Science, University of Tokyo."
Charles Pfizer Postdoctoral Fellow.&
On leave of absence from &
Collaborator employed by the National Canners Association, with which this work was conducted co-operatively."
"Department of Pharmacological Research, Parke-Davis and Company, Hounslow, Middlesex."
"Department of Biometry, University College, University of London."
"Department of Pathology, Royal College of Surgeons of England."
Assisted by a grant from the Postgraduate Medical Federation of the University of London."
r Pflanzenbau und Pflanzenz&
"Department of Physics, Electronics Division, University of Athens."
r."
"Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences&
ge, 5 Avenue de Cointe, B-4200 Cointe-Li&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. July 30."
"Genetisches Institut der Justus-Liebig-Universit&auml
tskinderklinik, T&
Laboratoire d''Optique Atmospherique, Universit&
"Hatfield College, Durham."
Departement de Clinique et de Pathologie m&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at Max-Planck-lnstitute for Psychiatry."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry,Department of Physics Applied to Medicine, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Feb. 21."
"Endocrine Unit, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London W12 0HS&
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks. Aug. 15."
"Post Office Research Station, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2."
Laboratory of Radiobiology and Department of Anatomy&
"University of London Observatory, Mill Hill Park, N.W.7."
"Research Department, British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool, Monmouthshire."
"Laboratoire Associ&
"INSERM Unit&
"46 Marlborough Place, London, N.W.8."
"Department of Microbiology and the Department of Obstetrics and Gyn&
ck Centrum f&
"Botany Dept., The University, Glasgow. June 12."
"Division of Hepatic Metabolism and Nutrition, New Jersey College of Medicine and Dentistry, Jersey City, New Jersey, and East Orange Veterans Administration Hospital, East Orange, New Jersey."
"Department of Zoology and Applied Entomology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. April 23."
"Department of Botany, The University, Glasgow W2."
Sig. Bergesen d.y. and Co., Oslo&
"Sir Howard Grubb Parsons and Co., Ltd., Optical Works, Walkergate, Newcastle upon Tyne 6."
"Turner Brothers Asbestos Co. Ltd, Rochdale, Lancashire."
"Research Laboratory, Research Organization of Ships'' Compositions Manufacturers, Ltd., New Quay Road, Hamworthy, Poole."
"International Centre for Chemical Microbiology, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"Botany Department, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King ''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2. Oct. 7."
"Departement de Biologie Mol&
"Institute for Radiobiological Research, Budapest 22."
"Research Department, Ciba Pharmaceutical Products, Inc., Summit, New Jersey."
, P. C. Watkins&
A&
n y de Estudios Avanzados del IPN, M&
"Laboratoryof Gene Structure and Expression, National Institute for Medical Research, TheRidgeway, Mill Hill, London NW7 1AA,UK&
"Montecatini Co., &
"Medical Unit, London Hospital Medical College, London E1."
rales, Facult&
"Department of Bacteriology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Royal Infirmary, Cardiff.Common Cold Research Unit, Harvard Hospital, Salisbury.&
Research Centre for Water Resources Development, Kvassay Jer&
Dipartimento di Biologia DBAF, Universit&agrave
lich, IBI-2, D-52425 J&
"Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Electronic Tube Division, Elmira, N.Y.&
"Department of Chemistry, Adelphi College, Garden City, N. Y."
Rockefeller Travelling Fellow in Medicine. Present address: Department of Morbid Anatomy, Medical School, University College Hospital, London, W.C.1."
"Laboratory of Clinical Physiology, Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm."
"Research Laboratory, Central Laboratory, Portsmouth and Isle of Wight Area Pathological Service, Milton Road, Portsmouth. Jan. 9."
anologique de Bretagne, BP 337,29273 Brest c&
t, Am Hubland, D-97074 W&
"3 Upper Wimpole Street, London, W.2."
um, Pall Mall, London, S.W.1."
ejov. Nov. 9."
Lamont-Doherty Geological Observatory, and &
tique Exp&
 Institute of Nuclear Sciences, Belgrade.Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Belgrade, Belgrade."
gicas, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cient&
 Institute of Nuclear Sciences, Belgrade.Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Belgrade, Belgrade.&
"Division of Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
orologique, L&
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7. Jan. 10."
rieur de la S&
 Dermatology, and &
 d''Embryologie Mol&
unchen, Goethestrasse 33, D-8000 M&
Present address: Research Centre, The Electricity Council, Capenhurst, Chester."
Present address: National Research Centre, Dokki, Cairo."
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, &
Environmental Resource Management Research Unit, Imperial College of Science and Technology, Silwood Park, Ascot, Berkshire"
"Plant Research Laboratory, Department of Agriculture, Melbourne."
"Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, N.S.W. June 4."
r Zoophysiologie der Universit&auml
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants."
"Norsk Hydros Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo. Oct. 21."
Division of Pharmacology, Department of Medicine, &
"Pharmacology Laboratories, Department of Pharmacy, University, Nottingham. Dec. 4."
"Universiteit te Leuven, Dienst Pathologie, Minderbroedersstraat 12, B-3000 Leuven&
"Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Institute, Wagga Wagga, New South Wales."
"Radiotherapy Department, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne. Dec. 3."
"School of Research and Training in Earthquake Engineering, University of Roorkee, Roorkee, U.P."
62 Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1."
"Pneumoconiosis Research Unit, Medical Research Council, Llandough Hospital, Nr. Cardiff. July 26."
"Biological Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, N.Y. Jan. 12."
"Department of Agricultural Botany, University College of Wales, Institute of Rural Science, Penglais, Aberystwyth"
Postdoctoral Research Fellow of the National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases, U.S. Public Health Service."
Present address: National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, NW7."
s University, Budapest"
s University, Budapest&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, S.W.3. Aug. 3."
gionale (P&
ne et de Bact&
Beecham Research Laboratories, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey&
I. N. Stranski-lnstitut f&
matology Section and Laboratory, Department of Clinical Therapeutics, Alexandra Hospital, Athens."
"Queen Mary College (University of London), Mile End Road, E.1."
Department of Experimental Pathology, Cancer Institute, Tokyo"
"Departamento de Biolog&
gicas, S&
Department of Experimental Physics, Technical University, Dresden, DDR."
"Department of Astrophysics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 9."
"Group Pathological Laboratory, Lakin Road, Warwick."
"Department of Pharmacology, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, E.1.&
"Institute of Zoology, University of Z&
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. March 8."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Sheffield."
Present address: Esso Research and Engineering Co., Linden, New Jersey."
Division of Medical Genetics, Harbor&
"Wye College, University of London, Near Ashford, Kent."
"University Botany Laboratory, Madras 5. Jan. 19."
pital Robert Debr&
"Joint Establishment for Nuclear Energy Research, Kjeller pr. Lillestr&
ncu m&
"Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3.Pharmacological Laboratories, Bradford Technical College, Bradford. May 29."
"Department of Medicine, T&
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berks. Nov. 25."
"Animal Health Trust, Houghton Grange, Huntingdon. Feb. 26."
Seismological Laboratory and &
"Laboratory of Animal Morphology, Free University of Brussels, andInternational Laboratory for Genetics and Biophysics, Naples."
ge. Jan. 10."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Aug. 18."
"Department of Physiology, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Feb. 26."
Present address: Department of Pathology, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514.&
rhus, 8000 &
"Electrical Research Association, Leatherhead."
Rushmere&
Present address: Bender &amp
"Geophysical Institute, University of Tokyo.Institute of Physical and Chemical Research, Tokyo."
"Research Department, H. W. Carter and Co., Ltd., Coleford, Glos. April 26."
Biochemistry, Immunex Research &amp
 Genetics and &
"Queen Elizabeth College, University of London."
undergraduate research participant."
gica, Facultad de Ciencias Me&
"Botanisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Department of Zoology, University, Leeds 2."
Institut National D''Hygiene, Lom&
"Institut du Radium de l''Universit&
4483
ochimie Isotopique, Universit&
Psychology, &
"Dept. of Materia Medica and Therapeutics, University, Glasgow, W.2. May 4."
"IIT Research Institute&
"BP Besearch Centre, Chertsey Road, Sunbury-on-Thames."
"The British Industrial Biological Research Association, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey"
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead. July 3."
a, Pontificia Universidad Cat&
"National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. March 24."
rich'' Z&
"Soil Survey of England and Wales, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Jan. 6."
Fellow of the Canadian Cancer Society."
"Laboratoire V&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, London, S.W.7."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Dec. 9."
Tissue Typing Laboratory, Rikshospitalet University Hospital&
Present address: Shambat Agricultural Institute, P.O. Box 71, Khartoum North."
"East African Malaria Unit,Tanganyika Malaria Unit, Amani, Tanganyika. Nov. 11."
"Lamacraft, Manor Road, Sidmouth, Devon. Nov. 8."
"Department of Radiology, Prince of Wales''s General Hospital, London."
Present address: Department of Pathology, Newcastle General Hospital."
"Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi, 6."
Present address: Ocean Research Institute, University of Tokyo, Nakano, Tokyo."
"Canadian Wildlife Service, Winnipeg, Manitoba.Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield. April 4."
"Department of Mathematics, Banaras Hindu University. Dec. 31."
"Regional Research Centre, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad."
"2 Alderney Avenue, Heston, Middlesex. Feb. 4."
"Oceanographic Laboratory, Craighall Road, Edinburgh."
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest. Oct. 11."
"Neuroscience Research Unit, Department of Psychiatry and &
"Botany Department, The University, Southampton. Nov. 24."
"Department of Medicine, Guy''s Hospital, London."
tallog&
9."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, Ducane Road, London, W.12. Aug. 23."
Present address: Istituto di Fisiologia Umana dell'' Universit&agrave
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemannstr. 35, 7400 T&
"Biology Department, Northern Polytechnic, London, N.7. Sept. 17."
"Instituto de Biolog&
Institut Sup&
 Microbiology and Immunology and &
"Psychology Department, Birkbeck College, University of London."
mica, Comisi&
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Naples. Oct. 6."
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Alkali Division, Winnington, Northwich, Cheshire.&
Department of Geology, and &
"Faculty of Agriculture, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota. Nov. 16."
r Mineralogie, Universit&auml
 de Bruxelles, and International Laboratory for Genetics and Biophysics, Naples."
"Sahlgren''s Hospital, Surgical Service II and Medical Service I, G&
 M.C.) and Merck, Sharp &amp
"Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Trombay, Bombay-85."
"S.A. Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria. July 21."
tica, Instituto Agron&
"Institute of Biological Research, Belgrade. Biochemical and Physiological Institute, Faculty of Medicine, Belgrade."
e de Recherches au Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique."
"Central Laboratory, Mj&
"Department of Pediatrics, The Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, Kawaramachi, Kamikyoku, Kyoto"
"Upper Atmosphere Research Section, National Research Council, Ottawa, 2."
"Dept. of Experimental Zoology, Polish Academy of Sciences, Krak&
Osservatorio Scientifico Sperimentale, IFA (CNR) Torricella No. 2, Verona"
 de recherches au FNRS, Laboratoire de G&
Institut de Microbiologie, B&
tisme et G&
ge. March 20."
"C.S.I.R.O. Marine Laboratory, Cronulla, Sydney."
"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College, London."
nchen, Maria-Ward Strasse 1a, D-8000 M&
t, Bern.Medizinische Poliklinik der Universit&auml
"Department of Biological Sciences, Institute of Technology, Bradford."
"Department of Experimental Neurology, Institute of Psychiatry, London, S.E.5."
r Radioastronomie, 53 Bonn 1, Auf dem H&
"Department of Immunology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2.&
"Bartlett Tree Research Laboratories, Stamford, Conn."
t, Wilhemstrasse 56, D-74 T&
"Electrical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Feb. 20."
"Department of Physiology, King''s College, London. April 20."
nchen.Universit&auml
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Departments of &
Tumor Immunology and &
 Department of Physiology and Cellular Biophysics,&
"University Surgery Clinic, Montreal General Hospital, Montreal.&
Present address: Biophysics Group, Department of Physics, Freie Universit&auml
"Argonne Cancer Research Hospital &
 Central Biological Laboratory, University Hospital, 8091 Z&
"Radiotherapy Department, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne. Feb. 19."
"Department of Agricultural Bacteriology, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo."
Immuno-Virologie Mol&
"Forest Insect Laboratory, Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. Dec. 26."
"Geophysical Institute, Tokyo University. Oct. 13."
"Department of Biology, Faculty of Science, University of Osaka. Aug. 18."
"Hygiene Institut der Universit&auml
"Electrical Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Middlesex. May 18."
"Department of Pharmacological Research, Division of Medical and Scientific Affairs, Parke-Davis and Company, Hounslow, Middlesex.&
"Laboratoire de Biochimie, Facult&
"The Bland&
"Botany Department, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. Dec. 17."
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, (Ministry of Supply), Christchurch, Hants. Jan. 27."
"Institut de Pathologie Mol&
"Department of Physics, University of London Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London W8."
 I''Universit&
"Instituto Nacional de Investigaciones Agron&
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Brno, Czechoslovakia. Jan. 22."
r Biophysik, Freie Universit&auml
Reprint requests should be addressed to Dr Seegmiller."
"Agricultural Research Council Poultry Research Centre, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JS"
"UKAEA Research Group, Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berks.&
partement de Recherche Fondamentale, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
29 Drury Lane, London WC2&
29 Drury Lane, London WC2"
Institute of Petroleum and Organic Geochemistry (ICH-5), Kernforschungsanlage J&
"Radio and Space Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough."
"Institute of Physiology, University of Uppsala. Nov. 6."
x003B2
rperphysisk, ETH-H&
r Mikrobiologie und Hygiene, Trogerstrasse 4A, Technische Universit&auml
, Zagreb"
"Department of Physiology, Medical Academy Gda&
Present address: Cyanamid European Research Institute, Route de la Capite, Cologny, Geneva."
Departement de Microbiologie et d''Immunologie, Universit&
S.A.S. Institut d''astrophysique&
"Laboratory of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, University of Louvain. April 10."
 109 de Neurobiologie, 2ter rue d''Al&
"SANDOZ Research Institute, Brunnerstrasse 59, A-1235 Vienna"
"National Agricultural Advisory Service, Wye, Kent.Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Nov. 17."
Division of Electrical Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex&
"Institute of Physical Chemistry,Departments of Pharmacology and Dermatology, University of Uppsala. Feb. 7."
Division of Electrical Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex"
"Pharmakologisches Institut, University of T&
"Department of Physiology and the Clinical Endocrinology Research Unit (Medical Research Council), and Department of Biochemistry and the Clinical Endocrinology Research Unit (Medical Research Council), University of Edinburgh."
"Glaxo Research Ltd., Greenford, Middlesex.&
t, Goethestrasse 31, 8000 M&
 Centre for Molecular Genetics and &
 Physiology and &
"Veterinary Laboratories, Evans Biological Institute, Runcorn. May 14."
r Angewandte Mineralogie und Geochemie, Technische Universit&auml
"Departmentsof &
trole, 1 &agrave
"British Gelatine and Glue Research Association, 2a Dalmeny Avenue, London, N.7."
orique, &
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Health and Production, Sheep Biology Laboratory, P.O. Box 144, Parramatta, New South Wales."
"Meteorological Office, East Hill, Nr. Dunstable, Beds. Jan. 23."
 Palomar Observatory &amp
"53 Wimpole Street, London, W.1.&
Visiting Wellcome Research Fellow."
culaire, Un&
"Pharmacology Department, Crookes Laboratories, Ltd., Park Royal, London, N.W.10."
"Wistar Institute, Philadelphia.&
"Department of Immunology, Institute of Child Health, London.Department of Clinical Bacteriology, University of Ume&
"Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2."
Biochemistry, and the &
"The Wistar Institute, Philadelphia 4, Pa."
Gastro-Intestinal Trainee. Supported in part from the U.S. Public Health grant No. 2A&
"Department of Chemical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Dec. 5."
"University, Nottingham. Sept. 26."
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Spemannstr. 35, D-7400 T&
"Department of Physical Therapy and Internal Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo."
nie Min&
"Department of Physics, University College, London WC1."
Present address: Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee."
"Department of Biochemistry, Albert Einstein Medical Center, Northern Division, Philadelphia 41."
"Istituto di Chimica Farmaceutica, Universit&agrave
sk, and Department of Physical Chemistry, School of Pedagogics, Gda&
"Department of Geology, The University, Leicester."
"Department of Biochemistry at the Third Clinic for Internal Medicine, University School of Medicine, Krakow."
Cornell Medical Center."
"Chemistry Department, Drexel Institute of Technology, Philadelphia.&
 248, Facult&
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Sydney. Oct. 6."
"Department of Molecular Pharmacology, Smith Kline &amp
"Laboratory of H&
Present address: National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
, LaboratoryMedicine&
"Huntingdon Research Centre, Huntingdon."
56733
 Present address: Lehrstuhl f&
"University of Edinburgh, Department of Zoology, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JTPresent address: Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Central Veterinary Laboratory, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey KT15 3NB."
e (IRSIA) et Laboratoire de Physiologie V&
Royal Observatory, and &
 Ingegneria, Universit&agrave
Neuropathology, Brain Research Institute and&
"MRC Gastroenterology and Statistical Research Units, and Department of Medicine, Royal Free Hospital, London."
The Center for Blood Research, &
rieux, Laboratoire IFFA, 254 rue Marcel M&
Public Health Service Research Fellow."
r Physik der Universit&auml
t Hamburg, and Max-Planck-Institut f&
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2."
Cardio vascular Division, Department of Medicine, Brigham &amp
"Chemical Research Laboratory, N.V. Philips Roxane, Weesp.&
"Departments of Dental Histology and Anatomy, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1."
"T.N.O.&
"Division of Optical Metrology,Metrology Centre, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
Holder of a Haley-Stewart research fellowship."
"Istituto di Patologia generale e Cattedra di Gerontologia, Universit&agrave
23.&
Department of General and Organic Chemistry, H.C. &
Institute of Geochemistry and &
r Biochemie, Martinsried bei M&
dicale, Facult&
Department of Soil Sciences, &
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston Ayrshire. June 15."
Immunology,&
"Departments of Pharmacology and Biology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. April 25."
Cellular Immunology Unit, Max-Planck-Institut f&
Humble Oil and Refining Company Fellow."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Wildlife Survey Section, Canberra, A.C.T. Oct. 31."
"Department of Geology, University of Keele."
Health Physics and Medical Division, AERE, Harwell."
"Natural Philosophy Department, St. Andrews University. June 2."
Laboratory of Chemical Physics, National Institute of Arthritis, Metabolism and Digestive Diseases&
Secretary, Atomic Weapons Tests Safety Committee."
Present address: Department of Human Biology and Anatomy, University of Sheffield, Sheffield, 10."
 Physiological Sciences and &
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot. April 14."
"Immunology Unit, Department of Bacteriology, University of Edinburgh Medical School."
"University Botany Laboratory, Madras 5. March 12."
"Medical Research Department of F. Hoffmann-La Roche and Co. Ltd., Basle."
"Department of Botany and Zoology, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.3.&
"Department of Pathology, University Medical Buildings, Aberdeen AB9 2ZD"
"Division of Physiology and Pharmacology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.&
"Agricultural Research Council, Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berks."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"Iatrochemical Institute of the Pharmacological Research Foundation, and Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo, Tokyo."
"Institute of Arch&
"Fatigue, Wear and Stress Analysis Division, Materials Group, National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride, Glasgow."
"Laboratory of the Institute for Muscle Research, at the Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, Mass."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1. Aug. 20.&
"Edinboro State College, Edinboro, Pa."
"Laboratoire Joliot-Curie, Facult&
"Department of Immunology, Institute of Dermatology, St John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, Homerton Grove, London E9."
"Chemical Physics Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Jan. 4."
Present address: Department of Immunology, Smith, Kline &amp
Senior Research Fellow, U.S. Public Health Service, National Institutes of Health."
"Department of Civil Engineering, University, Sheffield 1. Nov. 1."
"Ditton Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), East Mailing, Maidstone, Kent. March 11."
"Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. Oct. 25."
 Cliniques Universitaires, Kinshasa, Zaire&
"Stubbings House, Maidenhead Thicket, Berks. Sept. 5."
UFR de M&
 Department ofHuman Genetics, and &
SNEA (P), Tour G&
Present address: Istituto di Anatomia Comparata, Via Archirafi 22, Palermo.&
"Science Service Laboratory, Winnipeg, Manitoba."
"Chemical Defence Experimental Establishment (Ministry of Supply), Porton, Salisbury. May 3."
x00158
 Present address: Physics Department, University of Jyv&auml
"Biochemistry Department, Institute of Orthop&
"Division of Radiophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. Oct. 10."
 184 de Biologic Mol&
"Department of Agriculture (Animal Husbandry), University College of Wales, Penglais, Aberystwyth."
t Z&
x0002A
"Chemical Crystallography and Inorganic Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College, London SW7"
"Pharmaceutisch Instituut,Instituut voor R&
tique et de Biologic Cellulaires, Facult&
Supported by Training Grant No. BT-579."
"Department of Botany, University College, Cardiff."
"Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Division of Physics, Kjeller&
x00151
"Istituto di Fisilogia Umana della Universit&agrave
"Botany Department, Panjab University, Chandigarh, 3."
x00023
x00024
 V. lonasescu, Ch. Searby &amp
 Libre de Bruxelles et Fondation Reine Elisabeth, Brussels."
"Medical Research Council Blood Group Research Unit, Lister Institute, London.Pathological Department, General Infirmary, Salisbury. July 12."
"Centro de R&
"Laboratoire de Pathologie et Th&
tique, Centre d''Etudes Nucl&
"Department of Physics, College of Science, Nagpur. Oct. 9."
IBM Research Division, Zurich Research Laboratory, S&auml
, B.O''Donnell&
"Levington Research Station, Ipswich, Suffolk. July 28."
"Plant Protective Chemistry Section,Plant Pathology Section, East Malling Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent."
p&
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. May 30."
"Department of Anatomy and Histology, The London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E1 2AD"
"The Central Clinical Laboratory, St. Erik''s Hospital, Stockholm."
"Instituto de Edafologia y Fisiologia Vegetal, Serrano 113, Madrid. April 7."
 Permanent address: Instituto de F&
t Bern, and Department of Zoology, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff."
"Vision Research Unit, Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1. May 7."
res et Institut de Physique de l''Universit&
"Radio Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks. March 11."
ochimie des Isotopes stables, Departement de G&
ilov.Archeologick&
"Faculty of Science, Ibrahim University, Giza."
"Atlantic Regional Laboratory, National Research Council, Halifax, Nova Scotia. Dec. 29.&
Department ofNeurosurgery,&
tedra de Histolog&
"Departments of Pathology and Anatomy, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
On leave of absence from the Institute for Nuclear Study, University of Tokyo."
Forestry Commission Research Station, Alice Holt Lodge, Wrecclesham, Farnham, Surrey&
o Paulo, Caixa Postal 30627 S&
"West African Cacao Research Institute, P.O. Box 8, Tafo, Gold Coast. Oct. 15."
mies Exp&
"British Empire Cancer Campaign for Research, Research Unit in Radiobiology, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middlesex.&
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2"
 de Recherches du Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique."
"Medical Research Council Blood Group Research Unit, Lister Institute, London, S.W.1.National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7. March 18."
National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
"Division of Pure Chemistry, National Research Council, Ottawa. July 21."
Friedrich Miescher-Institut, Basel&
"Psychology Department, University, Glasgow, W.2. Aug. 26."
"Department of Physiology, University of S&
Pre-doctoral Fellow of the U.S. National Institutes of Health."
"II. Physikalisches Institut der Universit&auml
deric Joliot-Curie&
Max-Planck-Institut, f&
"Institut de Pathologie Cellulaire (INSERM U143), H&
Member of &
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, University of London, London, N.W.l. Nov. 28."
"Department of Dental Histology and Pathology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
"Research Laboratories, Electric and Musical Industries, Ltd., Hayes, Middlesex."
"Instrument Development Group, Engineering Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Heavy Organic Chemicals Division, Billingham, Co. Durham."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks. Sept. 18."
culaire, Institut de Biologie Mol&
lpicher Strasse 77, 5000 K&
"Laboratorio TeSRE&
Physiological Laboratory&
"Laboratoire de Chimie Supramol&
"Fisons Milk Products, Ltd., Coleraine. Jan. 7."
"Theodor Kocher Institute and &
ophysique et G&
"Institut Pasteur du Brabant, Brussels."
"Coal Survey Laboratory, 14 Endcliffe Avenue, Sheffield, 10."
r Neuropathologie derUniversit&auml
ncias Biol&
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, London, E.I. June 6."
Participants in the Undergraduate Research Participation Programme supported by a grant from the National Science Foundation."
Laboratory of Immunoregulation and &
TumorimmunologyProgram and &
nie des Infections Virales, 3, rue Koeberl&
"International Research Centre for Chemical Microbiology, Istituto Supeiore di Sanit&agrave
"Material Research Laboratory, Mullard Radio Valve Co., Ltd., Mitcham Junction, Surrey. Feb. 25."
o Pr&
"Department of Pathology, Hospital Ramos Mej&
Centre desFaibles Radioactivit&
"National Cancer Centre, Research Institute, Tokyo."
 de Clermont-Ferrand, D&
teborg. July 4.&
"Department of Botany, University College, London."
"Department of Atomic Energy.Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds. Aug. 18."
 Leukaemia Research Fund Centre at the Institute of Cancer Research, Fulham Road, London SW3 6JB,UK&
"Physical Metallurgy Division, Mines Branch, Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, Ottawa, Ontario. Feb. 25."
"Research Laboratories of the State Alcohol Monopoly (Alko), Helsinki."
"Division of Parasitology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Department of Psychology, The University, Glasgow, W.2. Aug. 10."
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.&
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
"Centre National de Transfusion Sanguine et Institut Oc&
Department of Pathology,&
"Institute of Virology and Immunobiology, University of W&
r Chemie (Otto-Hahn-Institut), Mainz."
Present address: Adam Lythgoe, Ltd., Wigshaw Grange, Culcheth, near Warrington, Lancs.&
"Fluids Group, National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride, Glasgow."
"Research Department, Bovril, Ltd., 148/166 Old Street, London, E.C.1.&
bingen.Max-Planck-Institut f&
nster. Nov. 14."
labo, SA, 58, rue de la Glaci&
"Postgraduate Medical School, University of London, W.12. April 4."
nchen, Goethestrasse 33, D-8000 M&
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Billingham, Co. Durham. Dec. 12."
anologique de Bretagne&
"Department of Physics, Fairleigh Dickinson University, Teaneck, New Jersey 07666"
Asian Bureau for Conservation, 18/E Capital Building, 175&
Department of Zoology and &
"Institute for Exploratory Research (Division C), U.S. Army Electronics Research and Development Laboratory, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey."
"Institut de Chimie biologique et Institut de Biologie bact&
Dipartimento di Matematica, Universit&agrave
To whom reprint request should be sent."
"Department of Human Anatomy and Department of Pathology, Belgian Centre of Normal and Pathological Growth, University of Ghent. May 10."
"53 Cherry burn Gardens, Newcastle upon Tyne 4."
Garches.&
II. Physiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
ontologie des Vert&
micas, Fundaci&
"Edgar Laboratory, Fulham Hospital, St. Dunstans Road, London."
nchen, Maria-Ward-Strasse la, D-8000 M&
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam-N. Sept. 16."
r Biophysik und Elektronenmikroskopie, der Universit&auml
r Strahlenbiologie, Kernforschungszentrum, Karlsruhe."
cnicas."
"Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of Khartoum."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, The University, Edinburgh 8. Nov. 13."
"Chemistry Research Department, Beecham Research Laboratories, Brockham Park, Betchworth, Surrey."
"Institute of Physical Chemistry, Humboldt University, Berlin."
"Institute of Medical Research, The Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney."
Etablissement d''Etudes et de Recherches M&
"University of St. Andrews, Carnegie Laboratory of Physics, Queen''s College, Dundee. Nov. 6.&
 48), H&
deutique, H&
"Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory,&
"Institute de F&
t Bochum, Lehrstuhl f&
al, H&
Present address: Crystallographic Laboratory, Birkbeck College, London."
Donner Laboratory, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory&
"Department of Anatomy and Cancer Research Laboratory, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario."
"Biophysics Department, University of Edinburgh."
"Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics, and &
"Chelsea Polytechnic, London, S.W.3. Jan. 11."
 Chemotherapy Service, Department of Medicine, Memorial and James Ewing Hospitals
 present address : Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, ul. Lindleya 3, L&
"Department of Pharmacology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London."
"Nachwuchsabteilung, Max-Plank-Institut f&
Institut d''Astrophysique, Universit&
"Department of Pharmacology and the Pediatric Clinic, University of Istanbul."
 Medical Clinic, University of Thessaloniki.Institute of Animal Breeding and Nutrition, Gianitsa.Department of Agronomy, University of Thessaloniki."
Anna-Maria&
t, Vienna."
Montreal General Hospital Research Institute, 3619 University Street, Montreal, Quebec.&
"Balneoclimatic Institute, Poznan
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne, N.2. June 9."
"Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.I."
Max-Planck-lnstitute for Experimental Medicine, Department for Molecular Biology of Neuronal Signals, Hermann-Rein-Strasse 3, D-37077 G&
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Murray Hill, New Jersey. Aug. 29."
Present address: The London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
"Observatory of the Technical University, Karlovo n&
"British Industrial Biological Research Association, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
"British Industrial Biological Research Association, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey.&
Bayer AG, PF-E/Fu, Institut f&
"Ditton Laboratory (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), East Malling, Maidstone, Kent. Oct. 20."
"Department of Women''s Diseases, Karolinska Sjukhuset, Stockholm. Oct. 12."
 Station Centrale de Microscopic Electronique, Institut Pasteur, 25&
"Veterinary Laboratory (Ministry of Agriculture), Weybridge. Jan. 31."
Laboratoire de Mod&
"Marie Curie Hospital, London, N.W.3. Sept. 2."
 di Pavia."
"Department of Mining and Mineral Technology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Bio-M&
Beatson Institute for Cancer Research, Garscube Estate, Glasgow G61 1BD,UK&
"Midland Centre for Neurosurgery, Smethwick. Aug. 18."
"Institute of Ophthalmology (University of London), Judd Street, London, W.C.1. Aug. 27."
Department of Medicine and &
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2."
"Division of Insect-Borne Diseases, Nairobi."
Geologie Institut der Universit&auml
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra. July 12."
r Humangenetik, Philipps-Universit&auml
"Laboratoire de Biochimie cellulaire, D&
"Division of Cellular Biology, Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology, Bute Gardens, London W6."
"Physics Department, University of Allahabad. Nov. 28."
Departement d''Astrophysique Fondamentale, Observatoire de Meudon, F-92195 Meudon Principal C&
to whom correspondence should be addressed."
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, and&
"Department of Mechanical and Production Engineering, Woolwich Polytechnic, London."
"Biophysical Laboratory, School of Medicine, University of Buenos Aires. March 10."
r Anorganische und Analytische Chemie,Universit&auml
Present address: Biochemistry Division, Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore, 2."
Astronomical Institute, University Erlangen-N&
Visiting Wellcome Research Fellow. Present address: Department of Physiology, Charles University Medical Faculty, Plzen, Czechoslovakia."
tskliniken G&
"Department of Agricultural Chemistry, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo.Scientific Research Institute, Ltd., Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo.&
Present address: National Cattle Breeding Station, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Rockhampton, Queensland."
Present address: MRC Brain Metabolism Unit, Department of Pharmacology, University of Edinburgh, 1 George Square, Edinburgh EH8 9JZ."
National Institutes of Health post-doctoral fellow."
Permanent address D&
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, Departments of &
"Blood Transfusion Department, Armed Forces Medical College, Poona 1. Feb. 11."
 Tropenmedizinisches Institut, Universitat T&
Rio de Janeiro&
"Department of Chemistry, The University, Leicester LE1 7RH."
Present address: Bolton Technical College, Bolton, Lancashire."
rapeutique g&
"Laboratoire d''Etudes de Sensibilit&
"Twyford Laboratories, Ltd., Twyford Abbey Road, London, N.W.10."
 At present working at the Microbiological Research Establishment, Porton."
Institute of Inorganic Chemistry, Zagreb.&
"Walton Oaks Experimental Station, Research Laboratories of Vitamins, Ltd., Dorking Road, Tadworth, Surrey. July 8."
"Department of Maternal and Child Health, School of Public Health, University of North Carolina."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. Sept. 24."
6 Roydon Road, Diss, Norfolk&
Section of Biochemistry, National Defence Research Institute, S&
"Tate and Lyle Refineries, Ltd., Research Laboratory, &
nsk&
"Institute of Coastal Oceanography and Tides, Bidston Observatory, Birkenhead, Cheshire"
C"
t Erlangen-N&
C&
nchen, Sophienstrasse 11, 80333 M&
tsklinik, Calwer Strasse 7, D-7400 T&
"Institut de Botanique G&
"Research Laboratories, Smith Meters, Ltd., Kennington, London, S.E.11."
r Radioastronomie, 53-D, Bonn"
"Department of Physiology, Abbassia Medical Faculty, Fouad I University, Cairo."
"II Department of Physics, Technical University, Gda&
To whom correspondence should be addressed.        "
Max&
To whom correspondence should be addressed,"
, Medicinal Chemistry&
 Earth System Science Center &amp
o Paulo, S&
"Department of Medicine, Guy''s Hospital, London, S.E.1."
"Cardeza Foundation, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia. Aug. 5."
"Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Ascot, Berkshire."
Pharmacologyand&
"Department of Biochemistry, &
"Department of Botany, University of Glasgow. Jan. 16.&
"Radiobiological Laboratory, Radiation Therapy Department, Johannesburg Hospital."
"Institute for Atomic Physics, Bucharest."
Department of Anatomy, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London W6 8RF"
ssle-Strasse 10, DDR"
"Bacteriology Division, Science Service, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. Nov. 8."
"Chemistry Department, University of Auckland, Private Bag, Auckland"
"West African Cacao Research Institute, P.O. Box 8, Tafo, Gold Coast. Aug. 3."
 Owens Valley Radio Observatory &amp
"Animal Husbandry Division, East African Agriculture and Forestry Research Organization, Muguga."
"Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Division of Merck and Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey.9To whom enquiries should be sent."
Nautical Almanac Office, Royal Greenwich Observatory"
"Programs in Genetics and Cell Biology, Department of Biochemistry &amp
Department of Psychology, Birkbeck College, London"
"Departments of Pharmacology &amp
aires, Cedex 257, Grenoble&
"Exxon Research &amp
"Zoology Department, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London, E.1."
"Zoology Department, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2."
 and Departments of Anatomy&
"Center of Radio Astronomy and Astrophysics, Mackenzie University, C.P. 8792, S&
rich, Z&
sico, Universidade de S&
"Botany Department, University of Glasgow.Chemistry Department, University of Glasgow. March 23.&
"East African Marine Fisheries Research Organization, Zanzibar."
"Department of Botany, University, Glasgow. May 9."
"Institute of Geophysics and Meteorology, University of Cologne."
Department of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514.&
matology, InstitutO Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro. Dec. 11."
"Zootomical Institute, University of Stockholm."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, University College, London."
National Museum of Natural Sciences, Ottawa&
"Department of Astronomy, Leicester University"
 Physik Department E13, Technischen Universit&auml
rieure, &
"Edinburgh School of Agriculture, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JG"
"Laporte Chemicals Limited, Luton, Beds. Nov. 9."
"Anatomy Department, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1. Jan. 13."
"Department of Physics, University, Sheffield 10. April 2."
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Science, Bombay 1. June 30."
"Sonnenweg 6, Basle. Oct. 25."
dicas. C&
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin, Isle of Man. Sept. 25."
"Department of Physics, Smith College, Northampton, Mass."
beck, 24 L&
Present address: University of Karachi."
 MGC Department of Cell Biology and Genetics, and&
Present address: H&
 Epidemiology, &
Oceanography Department, Faculty of Science, University of Alexandria, Alexandria&
 Max Delbr&
"Laboratory of Human and Comparative Anatomy, University of Ghent."
"Laboratory of Human and Comparative Anatomy, University of Ghent.&
"Institute of Anatomy, University, Ghent."
 I. Chemisches Institut, Humboldt Universit&auml
bingen. March 16."
"Plant Research Institute, Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa, Ontario."
"The Chemical Inspectorate, War Office, Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, London, S.E.18."
"Research and Biological Laboratories, Messrs. Ayerst, McKenna and Harrison, Ltd., Montreal. July 4."
ologie G&
J. Stefan&
r Physiologische Chemie der Technischen Universit&auml
"Institut f&
"Division of Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. July 14."
"Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology, 36th Street at Spruce, Philadelphia 4.&
"National Institute for Medical Research, London, N.W.7. Oct. 25."
Institut de Pathologie et Biologie Cellulaires et Mol&
"Institute of Space and Aeronautical Science, University of Tokyo, Komaba, Meguro, Tokyo&
"Department of Haematology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London."
Department of Neurology and Neurological Sciences, and &
Department of Geology, Bedford College, London&
Department of Microbiology, Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London W8&
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd, Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire."
"Institute of Microbiology, Silesian School of Medicine, Zabrze&
Evergreens&
"Blood Group Reference and Research Laboratory, Children''s Hospital, Winnipeg. Oct. 24."
"Department of Forensic Medicine, School of Medicine, Leeds 2. March 20."
nez D&
 Microbiology, and    &
Centre d''Etudes Biologiques de Chiz&
Department of Experimental Pathology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London W6&
 Lovanium, Kinshasa."
George R. Agassiz fellowship 1961&
pital de la Piti&
 British Geological Survey, 64&
lsan, Stockholm."
diterran&
"Tobacco Research Council Laboratories, Harrogate."
Present address: Department of Chemotherapy and Parasitology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7."
"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, UPR 234, Observatoire Midi-Pyr&
"Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
opital Brugmann, Universit&
timent 212, Universit&
Present address: Patel Chest Institute, Delhi.&
 de Medecine, 11 rue Human, 67085 Strasbourg C&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London. June 11."
"Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries National Agricultural Advisory Service, East Midland Province, Shardlow Hall, Shardlow, Nr. Derby. July 4."
Department of Psychiatry,&
"Institute for Nuclear Study, University of Tokyo, Tanashi."
"Department of Physiology, University College, Cork."
Department de Microbiologie et d''lmmunologie, Universit&
"Research Department, Farmavigor S.p.A., Milano. Aug. 10."
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. Aug. 28."
Senior Leverhulme Fellow in Biochemistry."
"Zoological Station, Naples.&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow, C.1."
"Department of Applied Mathematics and Computing Science, University of Sheffield"
 MRC Tuberculosis and Related Infections Unit, and &
"Department of Chemical Technology, Institute of Technology, Bradford, Yorkshire."
"Lab. Studi e Ricerche, Istituto Ganassini, Milan."
"Merlewood Research Station, Nature Conservancy, Grange-over-Sands, Lancashire. Aug. 27."
nchen, Arcisstrasse 16, D-8000 M&
"Experimental Psychology Laboratory, Institute of Neurology, National Hospital for Nervous Diseases, Queen Square, London, W.C.1."
partement de Biologie, CEN Saclay, 91190 Gif&
"Lubrication and Wear Division, National Engineering Laboratory, East Kilbride.Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Isotope Applications Unit, Wantage."
"Westminster School of Medicine, Horseferry Road, London, S.W.1."
"Department of Natural Philosophy, Royal Technical College, Glasgow, C.1. May 10."
"Acoustics Group, Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
 Zentrum Anatomie, Universit&auml
"National Physical Laboratory, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria. Jan. 17."
"Research Department, British Plaster Board (Holdings), Ltd., East Leake, Nr. Loughborough, Leics."
 Department of Cellular and Structural Biology,and&
"East Malling Research Station, Nr. Maidstone, Kent. Dec. 23."
"Department of Physiology, Veterin&auml
"Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Mail Stop 238&
tedra de Patolog&
"Radiotherapeutic Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12. Jan. 9."
 Libre de Bruxelles.Departamento de Biologia Geral, Faculdade de Fil., Ci&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Nr. Didcot, Berks. April 16."
"Service de Biochimie et G&
"Department of Cell Biology and &
  Geologisch-Pal&auml
decine Interne et de Biochimie Clinique, Universit&
ne, Facult&
On leave from Physikalisch-Chemisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Foods Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Aug. 4."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. March 8."
"Commonwealth Observatory, Mount Stromlo, Canberra. Nov. 28."
"Biology Department, Wool Industries Research Association, Leeds."
 Dipartimento di Fisica ''E. Amaldi'' Universit&agrave
"Department of Biochemistry, National Institute of Health, Osaki, Tokyo. March 10."
"Department of Biophysics and Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo. June 26."
nchen, Luisenstrasse 14, 8000 M&
r Physikalische Biologie, Spemannstrasse 35, D-7400 T&
"The Surgical Unit, The London Hospital, London, E.1."
"Department of Pharmaceutical Technology, Royal College Building, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow G1 1XW"
Ecole de Pharmacie, Universit&
culaire et Cellulaire (E.R. 199), D&
Department of Experimental Pathology, University of Z&
Department of Radiology, &
Universidade de S&
rich, Postfach, 32, 8028 Z&
"Laboratoire de l''Effort, Universit&
"Department of Physiology, Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley, Mass.&
canique de la Lithosph&
"Research Department, African Explosives and Chemical Industries, Ltd., P.O. Northrand, Transvaal."
"Spectroscopy Group, Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London."
 de Technologie de Compi&
"Gustaf Werner Institute for Nuclear Chemistry, and Institute of Anatomy, University of Uppsala. Aug. 14."
Institut de Physique Nucl&
Department of Physiology and Biophysics, Health Sciences Center, SUNY Stony Brook"
Research career development awardee of the National Institutes of Health."
Department of Chemical Pathology, Royal Free Hospital"
"Departments of Haematology and &
Laboratory Medicine, &
Observatoire de la C&
"The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth. Jan. 30."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Plant Industry, Canberra, A.C.T."
"17 Calderstones Avenue, Liverpool 18."
 Libre de Bruxelles, Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique. June 27."
 Ustav, Bo&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. March 6."
 Departments of Biochemistry, Biophysics and Genetics,  &
Present address: Department of Biology, Furman University, Greenville, South Carolina."
National Research Council Postdoctoral Fellow."
1955 Fulbright grantee from the University of Tokyo."
"Departments of Physiology&
partement de Biologie, Service Hospitalier Fr&
riologie, Universit&
r extraterrestrische Physik,D-8046 Garching bei M&
Present address: Nature Conservancy, Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdonshire."
"Chemistry Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Jan. 19."
Department of Physical Chemistry and Radiology of the L. E&
Department of Neurology, Georg-August University, G&
LCCMB-CNRS,Facult&
 School of Pharmacy and pharmacology, &
"Marine Station, Millport.Oceanographic Laboratory, Edinburgh. Jan. 9."
"Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology, Fuchu, Tokyo. June 25."
"Bureau International des Poids et Mesures, Pavillon de Breteuil, S&
 Laboratoire de Biom&
"Department of Science, Hatfield College of Technology, Hatfield, Herts."
"Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Mass."
"Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, New South Wales. Jan. 6."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, London."
" Departments of Medical and Molecular Parasitology&
"Department of Pure and Applied Chemistry, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, C.1."
"Research and Development Laboratories, Pilkington Brothers, Ltd., Lathom, Ormskirk, Lancashire."
"Radio Observatory, Dwingeloo.Observatory, Leyden."
"Serodiagnostic Department, State Serum Institute, Copenhagen. June 13, 1952."
Present address: Pharmacologisches Laboratorium, Farbwerke Hoechst, Frankfurt (M)."
"Department of Genetics, University of Sheffield. Feb. 18."
r Psychiatrie, M&
"University College, London, W.C.1. June 6."
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent. Oct. 2."
 di Roma"
"Fuel Research Station, Greenwich, London, S.E.10. July 3."
 di Roma&
pital Cochin, 27 Faubourg Saint-Jacques, 75&
"Science Service Laboratory, London, Ontario, and Department of Chemistry, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario. Jan. 29."
To whom correspondence should be addressed"
"MRC Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell."
To whom correspondence should be addressed&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Oct. 24."
"British Insulated Callender''s Cables, Ltd., Research Organization, 38 Wood Lane, London, W.12."
"Defence Research Kingston Laboratory, Department of National Defence, P.O. Box 123, Kingston, Ontario. Oct. 2."
Laboratoire d''Immunologie et de Biologie Parasitaire, Universit&
cules, 6 rue Boussingault, Strasbourg. Nov. 22."
Research Fellow of the A. v. Humboldt-Foundation."
Present address: Universit&auml
"Department of Agriculture, University, Leeds 2. Oct. 3."
rre All&
"First Medical Clinic and Institute of Pathological Anatomy, Faculty of Medicine, Charles University, Hradec Kr&
"Department of Physiology, University Medical School, and Department of General Zoology, E&
"Milk Marketing Board, Thames Ditton, Surrey."
"Institute of Atomic Physics, Bucharest."
Agricultural Research Council Laboratories, Compton, Nr Newbury, Berkshire."
 associe&
r Virologie und Immunbiologie, der Universit&auml
"Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto. Sept. 3."
"U.S. Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory, Hanover, New Hampshire.Physikalisches Institut, Universit&auml
63538
Centre de S&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, West Mains Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JN&
"Physikahsch-Chemisches Institut der Universit&auml
 de Bruxelles. Dec. 27."
"C.S.I.R.O., Wool Research Laboratories, Division of Textile Physics, Ryde, Sydney."
nchen 23, Kraepelinstrasse 2"
"Instituto de Biof&
The Howard Hughes Medical Institute Departments of &
"Analytical Division, Atomic Energy Establishment Trombay, Bombay 28."
ttskemiska Laboratorium, Stockholm 60.Genetical Institute, University of Uppsala, Uppsala."
Now with World Health Organization, c/o Federal Ministry of Health, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Laboratoire de Biochimie, rue des Saints-P&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Cardiff."
"Biology Department, Wool Industries Research Association, Leeds. April 18."
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra, A.C.T. Feb. 13."
"Department of Botany, University of Li&
Present address: Vision Research Unit (Medical Research Council), Institute of Ophthalmology, Judd Street, London, W.C.1."
"CSIRO Division of Food Presentation, PO Box 43, Ryde, New South Wales"
Present address: The Laboratory, Citadel Hill, Plymouth."
decine, 4 Place Saint Jacques, 25000 Besan&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough. March 4."
U 99 Inserm, 51 avenue du Mar&
"Leningrad Research Institute of Vaccines and Sera."
Permanent address: Department of Biochemistry, Komensky University, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia."
"Institute of Medical Research, The Royal North Shore Hospital of Sydney, New South Wales."
"Department of Pathology, University Medical Buildings, Aberdeen."
decine de Strasbourg, and Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
"INSERM, Oncologie Mol&
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Plas Gogerddan, Aberystwyth.&
"Welsh Plant Breeding Station, Plas Gogerddan, Aberystwyth."
Cullen Eye Institute, &
"Department of Medical Chemistry, J. E. Purkyn&
Present address: Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew."
"Westminster Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
ping University, Link&
"Institute of Freshwater Biology &
RAF Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hampshire"
gen 7, Stockholm, 9."
Geophysics and Astronomy and &
Laboratoire de Psychophysique, Universit&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute and  &
Istituto di Biologia Generale, Facolt&agrave
t, Pettenkoferstrasse 72, D-8000 M&
 Microbiology, &
r Physiologie, Ruhr-Universit&auml
a Celular, Centro de Investigaciones Biol&
"ARC Unit of Animal Genetics, Institute of Animal Genetics, King''s Buildings, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9"
"Agricultural Research Council, Radiobiological Laboratory, Grove, Wantage, Berkshire.Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Near Newbury, Berkshire."
tique, Ch&
 de Montpellier II &
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Entomology, Canberra. Nov. 2."
"Laboratory of Viral Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Institute&
"Division of Physics, National Standards Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. Aug. 12."
Present address: Cancer Therapy &amp
Present address: General Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3.&
Engineering Research Institute and &
"Tobacco Research Board of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, P.O. Box 1909, Salisbury, S. Rhodesia."
"Department of Cancer Research, Mount Vernon Hospital and the Radium Institute, Northwood, Middlesex."
"Department of Botany, Balwant Rajput College, Agra. Sept. 26."
"Department of Physics, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 12."
 A. Speer, Central Institute of Molecular Biology, Academy of Science DDR, 1115 Berlin, DDR
Present address: Department of Medical Microbiology, University of Z&
"Department of Zoology, University College, London, W.C.1. Aug. 1."
D&
"Veterans Administration Hospital, Brooklyn 28, N.Y."
culaire des R&
 Divisions of Immunochemistry &
 des Sciences et Techniques du Languedoc, Laboratoire de G&
Centre de Physique des Particules de Marseille, Facult&
pital Henri Mondor, 51 avenue du Mar&
"Department of Chemistry, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow, C.1."
r Kristallographie, Freie Universit&auml
"Institute of Neurology, Queen Square, London WC1N 3BG"
r Ern&auml
x000F9
x000F4
x000F5
x000F6
"Foods Section, Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Feb. 24."
x000F1
x000F2
x000F3
"Westbrook Lanolin Co., Argonaut Works, Bradford, 4."
"Technical Department, Ferodo, Ltd., Chapel-en-le-Frith, Stockport. Jan. 12."
"Medical Research Council, Toxicology Research Unit, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton. July 16."
meros, CSIC, Diagonal, 999 Barcelona."
nster, von-Esmarch-Strasse 56, D-4400 M&
Esso Research and Engineering Predoctoral Fellow."
Council for Scientific and Industrial Research Senior Research Fellow."
"Department of Pedology, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
"Radiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Engineering Laboratory, University, Southampton. March 22."
 dos Campos&
"F.B.S. Falkiner Nuclear Research and Aldoph Basser Computing Laboratories, School of Physics&
pital Cantonal, Gen&
"Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia. Feb. 6."
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 10."
x000FD
F. Hoffmann-La Roche &amp
x000FA
x000FC
sterreichische Studienges f&
"Ross Institute of Tropical Hygiene, Keppel Street, Gower Street, London, W.C.l. Feb. 27."
"Nuclear Physics Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Aug. 30."
"Institut d''Histologie et d''Embryologie, and Laboratoires de Recherches M&
 Department of Geosciences
"Institute of Physiology and Department of Pharmacology, University of Lund. Nov. 19."
"Institute of Science and Technology, University of Tokyo. Dec. 23."
"Departments of Pathology and An&
"Northern Polytechnic, London, N.7. Feb. 13."
t Basel."
gional de Lutte contre le Cancer, H&
roides de l''Inserm, H&
"The Marie Curie Memorial Foundation Research Laboratory, Caterham, Surrey."
"Perkin-Elmer, Ltd., Beaconsfield, Bucks."
On leave from the Instituto Nacional de Tecnolog&
"CSIRO Division of Mathematical Statistics, Canberra."
Zoological Institute, University of Z&
"University New Buildings, Bacteriology Department, Teviot Place, Edinburgh, 8. June 17."
"Department of Medicine and Department of Ophthalmology, University of S&
"Department of Haematology, Institute of Child Health, Guilford Street, London, W.C.1."
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Program in Molecular Medicine, and &
r biophysikalische Chemie, Am Fassberg 34 G&
Vollum Institute for Advanced Biomedical Research, &
re, Domaine Universitaire, BP 96,38402 St Martin d''H&
Present address: Forests Commission of Victoria, Melbourne, C2."
"Faculty of Fisheries and Animal Husbandry, University of Hiroshima.Laboratory of Fisheries Chemistry, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tokyo."
"Department of Pathology, Institute of Orthopaedics, Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex."
"Coal Tar Research Association, Gomersal, Nr. Leeds. July 22."
a General y Embriolog&
"Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. Aug. 21."
"Hadfields, Ltd., East Hecla Works, Sheffield 9. Sept. 13."
EERM/CLIM, M&
dicale, and Laboratoire de Biologie Animale, Nancy.Laboratoire de Biophysique M&
Equipe de Recherche Associ&
"Department of Therapeutics, University of Sheffield."
Department of Animal Ecology, University of Lund&
"Medical Research Council, Research Group on Demyelinating Diseases, 13 Framlington Place, Newcastle upon Tyne, 2."
r Biologie, Corrensstrasse 42, D-7400 T&
"Laboratories of Clinical Biochemistry and Chemical Pharmacology, National Heart Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md."
n Escolar&
7 Tavistock Place, London, W.C.1.Department of Chemistry, University of Keele."
dicas y Biol&
"Commonwealth Health Laboratory, Cairns, Queensland.St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
"Materials Department and &
"Department of Chemical Pathology, St. Thomas''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Sept. 26."
"Department of Chemistry, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, Ontario."
Present address: Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berks."
"Department of Plant Pathology, Facultad de Ciencias Agrarias, Universidad Nacional de Cuyo, Casilla Correo 7&
 Molecular Biophysics &amp
"Department of Microbiology, University of Ume&
"Research Department, J. Bibby and Sons, Ltd., King Edward Street, Liverpool 3. Sept. 3."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Nov. 11.Department of Physics, University, Sheffield. Nov. 11."
Merck Sharp &amp
Mineralogical Institute, University of T&
UKAEA Culham Laboratory, Abingdon, Berkshire&
"CAESS-CNRS, Universit&
CNR International Institute of Genetics and Biophysics, Naples.&
"HM Nautical Almanac Office, Royal Greenwich Observatory, Herstmonceux Castle, Hailsham, Sussex"
pital Lariboisi&
, and Department of Pharmacology&
"Department of Zoology, Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1."
"Institute of Chemistry, University of Uppsala."
t, M&
r Humangenetik der Westfalischen Wilhems-Universit&auml
Permanent address: &
t Frankfurt a. M. Robert-Mayer-Strasse 7&
"Department of Histology, Medical University, Budapest, IX."
natal et de Foetologie, H&
Leverhulme Trust Research Assistant."
MRC Unit for Laboratory Studies of Tuberculosis, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, DuCane Road, London W12 0HS&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Departments of Biochemistry &amp
"Department of Experimental Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1. April 5."
"7 De Vere Gardens, London, W.8. June 2."
104 01 Stockholm 60."
"The Clayton Foundation Laboratories for Peptide Biology, &
"The Charles Salt Research Centre, The Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital, Oswestry, Shropshire."
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Homi Bhabha Road, Bombay-5."
"Billeruds AB, S&auml
"The University Institute of Pathology, Kommunehospitalet, &
"Department of Experimental Pathology and Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Leeds 2."
"Department of Bacteriology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1. Aug. 20."
"Agricultural Department, Danish Atomic Energy Commission, Research Establishment, Ris&
"Department of Statistics, University College, London. Sept. 22."
Formerly J. R. Murray."
 Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, and &
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of St. Andrews Medical School, Dundee. Jan. 15."
Present address: Medical Research Council Unit for Experimental Virus Research, The University, Glasgow."
"Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield, Sheffield 10. Oct. 19."
"Department of Genetics,&
Department of Systematic Botany, Villav&auml
"Ian Clunies Ross Animal Research Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Animal Physiology, Prospect, N.S.W."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3. Dec. 10."
"National Research Development Corporation, 1 Tilney Street, London, W.1. Dec. 7."
Address for G.S. from 1 October: Fraunhofer-Institut f&
"Nuffield Institute of Comparative Medicine, The Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London."
"Laboratoire de Biologie et Immunologie Mol&
"Children''s Medical Research Foundation, Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children, Camperdown, Sydney, NSW 2050."
Department of Biological Chemistry, Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent"
"Serological Laboratory, Royal Army Medical College, Millbank, London, S.W.1. Jan. 2."
"Wenner-Gren''s Institute, Stockholm. Aug. 30."
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Limited, Maidenhead, Berks. May 22."
Present address: Oriental Yeast Industry Co., Shimuracho, Itabashiku, Tokyo."
Department of Geology, Bedford College, University of London.&
teborg C. Jan. 30."
"Department for Medical Physics, Medical Faculty, Purkyn&
"University College, Leicester. Dec. 22."
"Laboratoire de Morphologie Exp&
"Department of Geology and Geography, Sir John Cass College, Jewry Street, London EC3."
res, DT/ANA, 45060 Orl&
, and Department of Periodontology&
"Government Chemical Industrial Research Institute, 1-chome, Hon-machi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo."
National Research Fellow."
Eleanor Roosevelt Foundation Fellow, 1963&
"National Vitamin Laboratory, Copenhagen."
"Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. June 12."
"Department of Textile Industries, Bradford Institute of Technology, Carlton Street, Bradord, 7."
r medizinische Forschung, Heidelberg."
SFB 252, Institut f&
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute, &
 di Roma. Feb. 7."
"Clinical Pharmacology Division, Medical Professorial Unit, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, London, S.W.3."
Mullard Space Science Laboratory, University College, London&
ne, H&amp
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd. (Plastics Division), Welwyn Garden City."
 and Facultad de Ciencias Exactas y Naturales, Obligado 2490, Buenos Aires.&
 and Institut f&
 and Facultad de Ciencias Exactas y Naturales, Obligado 2490, Buenos Aires."
12 Gresham Street, London, E.C.2.Research Branch, Post Office Engineering Department, Dollis Hill, London, N.W.2."
"Research Unit of Natural Products, The National Research Centre, The Memphis Chemical Co., Cairo. April 27."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. July 19."
"Institut de Recherches (C.E.R.I.A.), Bruxelles 7, and Laboratoire de Microbiologie de l''Universit&
Chester Beatty Research Institute, Fulham Road, London SW3."
"Sir Howard Grubb, Parsons and Co., Ltd., Optical Works, Walkergate, Newcastle upon Tyne, 6."
on 2500"
 Centre Nationalde la Recherche Scientifique, Centre de G&
"Asociaci&
Centre d''&
"Edward Davies Chemical Laboratories, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.Ditton Laboratory, Food Investigation Organization (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), East Malling, Maidstone, Kent. Sept. 16."
In receipt of an Agricultural Research Council studentship."
"Institut d''Histologie, Universit&
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow.&
"Department of Zoology, University of Glasgow."
"Biological Department, Institut Ruder Bo&
"Department of Biochemistry, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, E.C.1."
61).&
61)."
"Savannah River Laboratory, E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co., Aiken, South Carolina.&
Medical Research Council, Rheumatism Unit, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire.&
 Centre de Recherches Volcanologiques and Unit&
"Marine Laboratory, Aberdeen."
nchen 15, Goethestrasse 31."
ARC Institute of Animal Physiology, Babraham&
Grupo de Din&
r Medizinische Mikrobiologie der Johannes Gutenberg-Universit&auml
"Department of Biomolecular Structure, The University, Leeds 2."
On leave from the Max Planck Institut f&
 Psychiatry, &
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London."
 Unit, Botany Department, University College, Cardiff. July 14."
Department of Genetics, The Children''s Hospital of Winnipeg, 685 Bannatyne Avenue, Winnipeg 3, Manitoba.&
"Physics Laboratory, University, Lucknow. July 7."
"Defence Research Kingston Laboratory, P.O. Box 123, Kingston, Ontario. Dec. 8."
"Department of Civil Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
r experimentelle Medizin, Hermann-Rein-Str., D-3400 G&
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Medical College, London, E.C.1. March 16."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. March 7."
"Ministry of Supply, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Dec. 5."
Special Traineeship (B-374) of National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness, U.S. Public Health Service."
"University College, London, W.C.1. Aug. 7."
a Molecular, CSIC, Universidad Aut&
partement de Biologie and &
"East African Institute for Medical Research, East Africa High Commission, P.O. Box 162, Mwanza, Tanganyika."
"Department of Geology, Victoria University, Wellington, New Zeland."
 Chemistry and &
Fellow of the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation seconded from the Institut Interuniversitaire des Sciences Nucleaires de Belgique.&
Istituto di Geologia, Paleontologia e Geografia Fisica, Universit&agrave
"Clinique M&
Present address: East Mailing Research Station, Maidstone, Kent."
"Max Planck Institut f&
, National Cancer Institute and Cell Biology and Metabolism Branch, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institute of Health&
Institute of Space and Aeronautical Science, University of Tokyo&
Immunology Branch, National Cancer Institute&
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and Department ofMicrobiology and Immunology, and &
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. March 28."
"Massey Agricultural College, Palmerston North, N.Z. Jan. 20."
"Institute of Medical Chemistry, University of Budapest. Oct. 21."
SRC Appleton Laboratory&
"Direct Conversion Group,Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell.Boucher and Co., Ltd., Kidderminster, Worcs."
"Laboratory of Physiology, University of Athens. April 2."
"Department of Structural and Inorganic Chemistry, Ruder Bo&
 Laboratory of Immunology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, &
"Ortho Research Foundation, Raritan, New Jersey.Blood Transfusion Service. Law Hospital, Carluke, Lanarkshire.Blood Group Research Unit, Lister Institute, London."
Laboratoire des Faibles Radioactivit&
Departments of Geology and Geophysics, and &
Present address: Department of Natural Sciences, Unesco, 19 Avenue Kl&
Laboratory of Viral Diseases, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and &
"Department of Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London, E.C.1.Department of Anatomy, Makerere College, Kampala. May 28."
trole, 1-4, Avenue de Bois Pr&
"Institute of Occupational Health, Ty&
"Natural History Department, Marischal College, Aberdeen. Dec. 4."
 Department ofPediatrics and &
re, Universit&
"Chemical Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. May 22.&
"Medical Research Council, Cell Biophysics Unit, King''s College, 26&
"Nuclear Chemistry Laboratory, NRC Democritos, Aghia Paraskevi Attikis, Athens."
t Freiburg, Hermann-Herder-Str 11, 78 Freiburg&
 Microbiology and  &
rg, Versbacher Strasse 7, D-8700, W&
tique et Evolution des Populations V&
Fisons Ltd, Pharmaceutical Division, Loughborough, Leicestershire&
"Department of Pathology and Laboratory of Surgical Research, Presbyterian-St. Luke''s Hospital, Chicago. Aug. 20."
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield.&
"ARC Animal Breeding Research Organisation, Edinburgh EH9 3JQ"
"Department of Zoology, University of Sheffield."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 1."
"Geophysical Institute, University of Tokyo. Aug. 27."
"CEA&
"Laboratory of Cellular and Molecular Biology, National Cancer Institute, Building 37&
"Department of Oceanography, The University, Liverpool L69 3BX"
nergie Atomique, Saclay.Laboratoire de Chimie biologique, Facult&
"Queen Mary''s Hospital for Children, Carshalton, Surrey.Institute of Computer Science, University of London."
"I. Medizinische Universit&auml
"Institute of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, University of Buenos Aires, and Laboratory for Cell Metabolism, Argentine Atomic Energy Commission.&
ge, Sart Tilman, B-4000 Li&
Program for Neuroscience and &
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. July 14."
 Libre de Bruxelles, Belgique. Oct. 10."
"Radiumhemmet, Stockholm.Forskningslaboratoriet LKB, &
"Industrial Hygiene Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., The Frythe, Welwyn, Herts. Sept. 16."
Departamento de Bioqu&
Virus and Cell Biology Research, Merck Sharp &amp
rich, Winterthurerstr. 190, 8057 Z&
"Road Research Laboratory, Harmondsworth, Middlesex. July 28."
"Centre de Recherches P&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. Feb. 17."
39, 74 T&
"Centre de Transfusion Sanguine et d''H&
"Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, Bo&
"Department of Haematology, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff"
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, London, W.C.2.Department of Biochemistry, University of Glasgow.Department of Medicinal Chemistry, School of Pharmacy, University of Buffalo."
 Physics and &
"Solid State Division, AERE, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
"Department of Biochemistry, Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology, Lodz. March 31."
Department of Biochemistry, School of Dentistry, Aichi-Gakuin University, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya.&
 Dipartimento di Scienze e Tecnologie Biomediche, Universit&agrave
Physikalische Chemie, Fachbereich Chemie der Universit&auml
zquez, 144, Madrid."
"Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Merck and Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Feb. 6."
"Department of Physiology, University College, Galway"
"National Coal Board, Mining Research Establishment, Worton Hall, Worton Road, Isleworth."
"Department of Chemistry, San Jos&
"Ministry of Supply, Chemical Inspectorate, C.36, Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, S.E.18. Dec. 10."
"Department of Biochemistry, University of Sheffield, Sheffield, 10.&
Department of Microbiology, College of Biological Sciences, &
"Northern Polytechnic, London, N.7.&
Present address: Institute for Medical Radiobiology, August Forel-Strasse 7, 8029 Z&
"Diagnostic Laboratory, &
iich GmbH,Leo-Brandt-Strasse, D-52428 J&
CNEXO, 66 avenue d''I&
tudes
"Norges Geotekniske Institutt, Blindern, Oslo."
bingen, 74 T&
"Veterinary Science Division, Research Department,Analytical Development Group, Standards Department, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Nottingham. Feb. 15."
"Chemical Group, Max Planck-Institut f&
matology Research Unit, Wright-Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Comision Nacional de Energia Atomica, Buenos Aires.&
"Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Central Veterinary Laboratory, Weybridge, Surrey."
"Laboratory of Plant Morphology and Laboratory of Nuclear Physics, University of Li&
"Institute of Phytochemistry, Kobe College of Pharmacy, c/o Mikage P.O., Kobe. June 6."
Department of Biology&
jour, P.O. Box No. 42, Guernsey."
"The Metal Box Co., Ltd., Research Division, Acton, W.3."
"University Department of Medicine, Gardiner Institute, Western Infirmary, Glasgow."
"Nature Conservancy, Monks Wood Experimental Station, Abbots Ripton, Huntingdon."
National Institute of Health, Musashi-Murayama, Tokyo 190&
"Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Crawley, Sussex. April 24."
"Research Laboratory, Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Crawley, Sussex. May 10."
"Department of Environmental Chemistry, Wallenberg Laboratory, University of Stockholm, S&
"Cancer Research Laboratory, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario."
"Cantacuzino Institute, Department of Poliomyelitis, Bucharest."
"Department of Pathology, Chase Farm Hospital, Enfield, Middx. Aug. 22.&
"McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, C.S.I.R.O., Sydney. Sept. 19."
sica, UNAM AP 20-364, M&
"Department of Physics, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Clinical Research Laboratory, Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University of Edinburgh. Feb. 11."
Ruder Bo&
 de Programmation Mol&
"Marine Biology Station, Menai Bridge, Anglesey. Jan. 27."
Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and Howard Hughes Medical Institute, &
INSERM, U 152, B&
"British Cotton Industry Research Association, Shirley Institute, Didsbury. June 20."
"Departamento de Virolog&
Addiction Research Foundation, 344 Bloor Street West, Toronto 4&
Technical assistant."
Medical Research Council External Staff."
"Pharmaceutical Institute and Laboratory of Physical Biochemistry, University of Ghent. Sept. 23."
MPIf&
 Laboratory of Radiobiology, Institute of Nuclear Sciences, P.B. 522, Belgrade."
"Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew."
Department of Organic Chemistry, University of Ume&
"Institute of Medical Pathology, University of Modena."
"Vacuum Coating Research Laboratory, Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Crawley, Sussex."
"University of Z&
"Meteorological Research Flight, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough. March 13."
"National Research Council, Prairie Regional Laboratory, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. Dec. 10."
National Science Foundation Fellow."
"Dana Oceanographical Collections, Charlottenlund. Jan. 6."
"British Ceramic Research Association, Queens Road, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent. March 22."
ln, F&
"Pharmacology Laboratories, Welsh School of Pharmacy, University of Wales Institute of Science and Technology, Cardiff"
"Research Laboratory, Associated Electrical Industries, Ltd., Aldermaston Court, Aldermaston, Berkshire. Dec. 9."
"Medical Unit, Welsh National School of Medicine, Cardiff Royal Infirmary."
r Biowissenschaften (Biozentrum), Lehrstuhl f&
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London.Department of Chemical Pathology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, Fulham Hospital, London."
Department of Cell Biology, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
Department of Microbiology, School of Medicine of the University of S&
"Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Department of Supply, Box 4331, G.P.O., Melbourne."
ologie Historique, Facult&
"Department of Molecular Genetics, and &
"Laboratoire de Morphologie animale. Universit&
r Obstbau, Technische Universit&auml
"Kobayasi Institute of Physical Research, Kokubunzi, Tokyo. March 16."
6914
ral Leclerc, 94270 Bic&
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo."
 MRC Research Group on the Chemotherapy of Protozoal Diseases and Drug Resistance."
"Institute of Veterinary Anatomy, Department of Histology, and Embryology, Free University, Berlin.Institute of Animal Husbandry and Nutrition, Free University, Berlin."
"Zoological Society of London, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.8. Feb. 23."
"Neuropsychiatric Research Centre, Whitchurch Hospital, Cardiff. June 29."
 Institut de Radio Astronomie Millim&
"Department of Zoology, University College of Rhodesia, Salisbury, Rhodesia."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Nov. 28."
"Department of Chemistry, Howard Hughes Medical Institute and &
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School of London, London, W.12. March 3."
Department of Pediatrics B, General Bikur Holim Hospital, Jerusalem&
Oral Biology and &
Present address: Instituto di Patologia Medica, Universit&agrave
Veterinary Research Laboratory, PO Box 8101, Causeway, Salisbury, Rhodesia&
"Insecticides Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Aug. 7."
"INSERM U371, Cerveau et Vision, 18 Avenue Doyen L&
"Department of Microbiology, Attila J&
dic Hospital, 234 Great Portland Street, London, W.1. June 1.&
"Department of Chemistry, King''s College, University of London, Strand, W.C.2. Dec. 17."
Department of Pharmacology, Biozentrum der Universit&auml
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, 183 Euston Road, London, N.W.1.Department of Pharmacology, King''s College, University of London. April 18."
"Department of Agricultural Sciences, School of Agriculture, Sutton Bonington, Loughborough."
Present address: Astronomy Department, Leicester University, University Road, Leicester LE1 7RH."
tique Mol&amp
xico"
xico&
"Dominion Observatory, Ottawa."
IAG/USP, S&
"Laboratoire de Zoologie et d''Embryologie exp&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Didcot, Berks. Dec. 21."
"Institute of Neurology, The National Hospital, Queen Square, London, W.C.1.&
n de Investigaci&
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. Sept. 17."
 Department of Microbiology &amp
Present address: Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, School of Medicine, Brussels."
"East African Fisheries Research Organization, Jinja. March 5."
r Pharmakologie und Biochemie der Universit&auml
"MRC Clinical and Population Cytogenetics Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh&
"Chemstrand Research Center, Inc., Durham, North Carolina."
Pharmacology and &
"MRC Clinical and Population Cytogenetics Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh"
Savannah River Ecology Laboratory, Aiken, South Carolina 29801&
"Department of Botany, University College, Durban, Private Bag 4001, Durban."
 di Milano. Feb. 25."
partement de Biochimie et G&
"Department of Physics, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne."
"Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research, Lausanne"
Department of Microbiology, School of Medicine, Leeds LS2 9NL&
cology, University of Uppsala."
Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974"
ne, Universit&amp
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute"
"Gas Chromatography, Ltd., Boyn Valley Road, Maidenhead, Berkshire."
al, BP 8888, Succ. A., Montr&
Laboratoire de Min&
mica y Fisiolog&
"The Nature Conservancy, 19 Belgrave Square, London SW1X 8PY"
gicas, I.P.N., M&
"Laboratoire d''Immunologie des Tumeurs, Institut de Recherches sur les Maladies du Sang, H&
"Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
"Agronomy Department, South Dakota State College, Brookings, South Dakota"
Present address: Max Planck Institut f&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Nov. 12."
"Chemistry Department, Queen Mary College, University of London."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Aug. 11."
60, Christian Albrechts Universit&auml
"Department of Botany, Bedford College, London NW1"
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Nov. 24."
r Experimentelle Zoologie und Vergleichende Anatomie und Physiologie, Hochschule f&
"Institute of Cell Biology, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, ETH-H&
"Medical Unit, The Royal Free Hospital, London."
"Department of Chemistry, University, Leeds 2. May 20."
"Botanical Institute, University for Technology, Darmstadt. Aug. 25."
"Department of Organic Chemistry,Department of Technical Microbiology and Biochemistry, Chemical Faculty of the Slovak Polytechnical University, Bratislava.Department of Technical Microbiology, Biological Institute of the Slovak Academy of Sciences, Bratislava,Czechoslovakia."
t. 209D, Universit&
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. Jan. 13."
"Laboratorio de la Catedra de Toxicologia, Facultad de Ciencias Medicas, Buenos Aires."
Department of Electrical Engineering,&
"Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, Leeds."
Immunology Branch, National Cancer Institute and &
INPE, S&
culaire, Universit&
Present address: Department of Chemistry and Applied Chemistry, The Royal College of Advanced Technology, Salford 5, Lancs."
Present address: MPI f&
"Glasshouse Crops Research Institute, Worthing Road, Littlehampton, Sussex."
"Laboratoire de Microbiologie du Centre d''Enseignement et de Recherches des Industries alimentaires, and Laboratoire de Biochimie des Microorganismes, Universit&
"P.O. Box 15028, Nairobi."
"Chemical Inspectorate, Ministry of Supply, Station Approach Buildings, Kidbrooke, London, S.E.3. March 6."
"Chemistry Department, University of Edinburgh. Nov. 29."
"Institut de Microbiologie, Universit&
"Edinburgh School of Agriculture, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9."
Paediatric Research Unit, Guy''s Hospital, London&
Beit Memorial Fellow.Department of Clinical Pathology, University College Hospital, London, W.C.1.Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London, N.W.3."
"Research and Development Department, Distillers Co., Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey. Sept. 29."
"Department of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh."
"Electricity Division, National Physical laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. Nov. 12."
"Medizinische Klinik Innenstadt der Universit&auml
, di Pavia. March 1."
"Medical Research Center, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, N.Y."
Biological Carcinogenesis and DevelopmentProgram, PRI/DynCorp,&
 To whom correspondence should be addressed at: Biochem. Institut, Universit&auml
"Wellcome Research Laboratories,Langley Court,Beckenham, Kent. June 9."
"Department of Microbiology, Royal North Shore Hospital of Sydney, Crows Nest, New South Wales.&
"Department of Pharmacology, University College, University of London."
 Space Telescope-European Coordinating Facility,European Southern Observatory, Karl Schwarzschild Strasse 2, D-8046,Garching bei M&
"Zoophysiological Institute, University of Lund. April 24."
"Department of Agricultural Botany, Faculty of Agriculture, Ain Shams University, Cairo.Department of Agricultural Botany, Faculty of Agriculture, University, Cairo."
"Bio-Medical Group, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Modular Laboratories, Trombay, Bombay&
"Division of Chemistry, Research Department, Ciba Pharmaceutical Products, Inc., Summit, New Jersey. Sept. 18."
 Research Ltd., Thornton-le-Moors, Chester."
Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute."
"Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Division of Merck and Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey."
"Institute of Physiology, Medical Faculty, Pilsen, Czechoslovakia."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Food Preservation, North Ryde, New South Wales."
"Department of Experimental Pathology, Institute for Microbiology and Experimental Therapy, Jena.&
Present address: Pflanzenphysiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
 Laboratory of Molecular Medicine and &
St Lawrence''s Hospital, Caterham, Surrey.&
BC Research, Vancouver&
"MRC Mineral Metabolism Research Unit, Leeds General Infirmary."
opoldville."
Laboratoire de Physiologie de la Reproduction, Groupe St&
"Research and Development Department, Distillers Co., Ltd., Great Burgh, Epsom, Surrey. Aug. 1."
"Glaxo Research Ltd., Sefton Park, Stoke Poges, Bucks."
"Department of Physics, AB Atomenergi Stockholm. Sept. 9"
"Bedford College, (University of London), Regent''s Park, N.W.1."
"Soil Microbiology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Dec. 9."
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Center for Neurobiology and Behaviour, Departments of Pharmacology&
r Zoologie, Technische Universit&auml
"Division of Orthop&
"Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berks.&
"Atomic Weapons Research Establishment, Aldermaston, Berks."
"Inland Waters Branch, Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, No. 8 Temporary Building, Carling Avenue, Ottawa, Ontario."
Le Kremlin-Bic&
"University College, Cardiff. July 29."
ARC Institute for Research on Animal Diseases, Compton, Newbury, Berkshire.&
"Department of Natural Philosophy, The University, Glasgow. June 5."
Cardiovascular Research Institute, and Departments of&
a, Bogot&
"Department of Physics, Queen''s University, Kingston, Ontario"
Department of Pathology and &
r Biologische Informationsverarbeitung, Forschungszentrum J&
Wistar Institute, 3601 Spruce Street and &
"Department of Microbiology, National University of Athens, Goudi-Ampelokipi, Athens, 6."
Research Fellow of the Department of Radiobiology, Cancer Institute."
 Division of Genetics, &
 Chemical Industries Ltd., P.O. Northrand, Transvaal."
"Bacteriology Department, University New Buildings, Teviot Place, Edinburgh 1. April 18."
"Royal Agricultural College, Cirencester. Feb. 26."
"Laboratoire de Biophysique Mol&
 IBM Physics Group, Schellingstrasse 4, 8000 M&
17, Budapest, 12."
Melbourne Research Laboratories, The Broken Hill Proprietary Co. Ltd, Wellington Road, Clayton, Victoria 3168&
o Paulo, CP 20780, S&
ringens Forskningsinstitut, Stockholm."
Department of Immunology, Institute of Child Health, London&
General Motors Holden Fellow."
"University of London."
"Agrobiological Laboratory, &
"U.S. Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory, San Francisco."
"Department of Microbiology and Biochemistry, Biogal Pharmaceutical Works, Debrecen."
"Department of Biophysics, University College, Gower Street, London WC1E 6BT"
"Scottish Home Department, Marine Laboratory, Victoria Road, Torry, Aberdeen. March 9."
The State University, 195 University Avenue, Newark, New Jersey 07102"
 Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, &
"Department of Pathology (Royal Infirmary), University of Glasgow.Organon Laboratories, Newhouse, Lanarkshire. Sept. 14."
"Instituto de Medicina Experimental, Servicio Nacional de Salud, Av. Irarr&
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. April 1."
 Paediatrics, 7&
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Liverpool 3. Nov. 30."
"Composite Materials Department, Rolls-Royce Ltd, Old Hall, Littleover, Derby."
"Department of Biochemistry,Department of Zoology,Department of Physiology, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. May 8."
"Department of Zoology, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Nov. 18."
"Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Berks. Oct. 2."
a, Departamento de Biolog&
Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, University Central Hospital, Helsinki."
 di Scienze, Citt&agrave
"Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey"
"Physiological Department, Carlsberg Laboratorium, Copenhagen. Sept. 19."
"Fulmer Research Institute, Stoke Poges, Bucks. Dec. 23."
"Fuel Research Station, Blackwall Lane, Greenwich, London, S.E.10."
"Bedford College (University of London), London, N.W.1. Feb. 10."
"St Bartholomew''s Hospital, London, EC1."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford."
"Medical Unit Laboratories, St. Mary''s Hospital, W.2.Bernhard Baron Institute, The London Hospital, E.1."
Present address: Department of Agronomy, University of Tokyo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo."
Faculty of Natural Sciences and Technology&
"Kaiser Foundation Research Institute, Laboratory of Medical Entomology, San Francisco.San Francisco Field Station, Technology Branch, C.D.C., U.S. Public Health Service, San Francisco."
partement de Biologic Mol&
e 040 389 du GNRS, Universit&
"Department of Enzymology, and Institute of Experimental Endocrinology, Centro Cajal de Investigaciones Biol&
"Science Service Laboratory, University Sub Post Office, London, Ontario. Aug. 26."
pital Piti&
cole de M&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Fulham Road, London."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Fulham Road, London.&
"Department of Zoology, The University, Liverpool, 3.Department of Pharmacology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. June 9."
"Department of Planetary Sciences and &
"The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent. Feb. 3."
ilment 121, Universit&
"Cancer Biology Research Laboratory, Department of Radiology, and &
"Department of Anatomy, Bang''s College, London, W.C.2."
"Tate and Lyle Ltd, Keston, Kent"
Cell Biology and the &
al, CP 6128, Succursale &
"Physics Department, London Hospital Research Laboratories, Ashfield Street, London, E.1. July 25."
Centro Studi Biochimici Morbo di Cooley, Universit&
"Transistor Materials Laboratory, Standard Telephones and Cables, Ltd. Ilminster, Somerset.&
"Imperial College of Science and Technology, Royal College of Science, South Kensington, London, S.W.7."
"Anti-Locust Research Centre, 1 Princes Gate, London, S.W.7. June 10."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Glasgow."
"Beecham Products, Brentford, Middlesex.Huntingdon Research Centre, Huntingdon."
"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Laboratoire Arago, Banyuls Sur Mer, Pyr&
"Laboratoire de Radiobiologie, D&
"Department of Botany, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
r Strahlen- und Umweltforschung mbH M&
Present address: Department of Brewing and Applied Biochemistry, Heriot-Watt College, Edinburgh."
"Transvaal Museum, Pretoria. Nov. 25."
 Dipartimento di Fisica, Settore Geofisica, Universit&
"Royal Observatory, Edinburgh"
"Department of Physics, University of Delhi. Dec. 1."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at T&
"Centro di Biologia del C.N.R. e Istituto di Genetica, Universit&agrave
tedra de Farmacolog&
x0010D
x0010C
"Department of Veterinary Bacteriology, Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, University of Edinburgh."
"Medical Research Council, Mineral Metabolism Research Unit, General Infirmary, Leeds.&
nchen. Aug. 1."
x00101
 D&
"Division of Radiophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney. Aug. 19."
"Entomology Department, Marischal College, Aberdeen.Veterinary Investigation Department, Mill of Craibstone, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Dec. 17."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, University of London, E.C.1."
"Tobacco Research Board, P.O. Box 1909, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia."
"Edgar and Tenovus Laboratories, Charing Cross Group of Hospitals, Fulham Hospital, London."
"National Bacteriological Laboratory, Stockholm"
4075
"University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia. May 4.&
"Organic Chemistry Department, Universit&
r Molekularbiologie und Biochemie, Freie Universit&auml
"Grassland Research Institute, Hurley, Berkshire."
 Groupe de Statistiques, Universit&
"Department of Microbiology and Department of Biochemistry, Jaime Ferr&agrave
Research Department, Pharmaceuticals Division, CIBA-Geigy Ltd&
Spofa&
rdoba Observatory. July 29."
Dermatology, &
"Department of Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, Turner Street, London, E.1. Nov. 10."
r experimentelle Medizin, Abteilung Chemie, Hermann-Rein-Strasse 3, D-3400 G&
"Wool Industries Research Association, Headingley Lane, Leeds, 6."
"Biophysics Division, Institute of Cancer Research, Sutton"
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7."
"Centre for Advanced Physics, National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi 12."
"Department of Physiology and Endocrinology, Research Unit (Medical Research Council), University of Edinburgh."
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, S.A. Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Pretoria. July 18."
nster,Medizinische Universit&auml
"Westminster School of Medicine, Horseferry Road, London, S.W.1. April 9."
rperphysik, ETH, 8093 Z&
"Department of Pathology, Queen Elizabeth Hospital for Children, London. Jan. 9."
Research Laboratory, Knightswood Hospital, Glasgow G1S 2XG&
 Centre des faibles Radioactivit&
"Research Institute on Blood Diseases, H&
t Berlin, Institut f&
"Department of Pharmacology, Jefferson Medical College of Philadelphia, Pensylvania."
"Department of Human Genetics and &
"Rubber Research Institute of Ceylon, Agalawatta. June 8."
"Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala. July 4."
"Tin Research Institute, Fraser Road, Perivale, Greenford, Middlesex. Nov. 17."
 Ren&
"Medical Research Council Clinical Effects of Radiation Research Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh 6."
"Physiological Department, Institute of Occupational Health, Helsinki. Feb. 18."
hrung, Justus Liebig-Universit&auml
 Experimental Immunology Branch, National Cancer Institute, and &
"Department of Clinical Research, Royal Marsden Hospital, London, S.W.3."
Dipartimento di Scienze Biomediche e Oncologia, Universit&agrave
ne, H&
"Sechenov Institute of Evolutionary Physiology and Biochemistry, U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences, Leningrad."
"Department of Physics, Medical College of St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.1."
 de Montre&
"Pharmacological Institute, University of Erlangen&
Zentrum Biochemie und Molekulare Zellbiologie, Biochemie II, Robert-Koch-Strasse 40, Universit&auml
 Molecular Biology, and&
Service de m&
"Medical Research Center, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, Long Island."
"Department of Experimental Ophthalmology, W. G. Kerckhoff-Institut, 635 Bad Nauheim"
 de G&
"Electrical Research Association Laboratory, Leatherhead, Surrey. Jan. 15."
"Torry Research Station, Aberdeen. Feb. 12."
partement de Physique de la Mati&
"Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, Surrey."
"Institute of Animal Genetics, King''s Buildings, West Mains Road, Edinburgh 9. June 22."
 Service d''Endocrinologie, H&
"Department of Biochemistry, King''s College, Strand, W.C.2, and Department of Chemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, South Kensington, S.W.7."
"Bacteriology Division, Science Service, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. March 21."
Rudolf Buchheim-Institut f&
"Finsen Laboratory, Finsen Institute, N&
"MRC Clinical Psychiatry Unit, Graylingwell Hospital, Chichester, Sussex"
r Biophysik, Frankfurt am Main."
tsklinik und Poliklinik, D&
"Wellcome Research Laboratories, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent. April 19."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute (Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital), London, S.W.3. May 13."
"Wantage Research Laboratory (AERE), Wantage, Berkshire.&
"Department of Fibre Research, Rolls-Royce Limited, The Old Hall, Littleover, Derby."
Present address: Lab. de Estudos Petrologicos e Paleontologicos do Ultramar, Lisbon."
"Jodrell Laboratory, Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew."
"First Department of Pathological Anatomy and Experimental Cancer Research, University of Budapest. Oct. 9."
"Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and &
histoire, 200 Avenue de la R&
"Plant Research Institute, Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa."
"Heinrich-Hertz-Institut f&
Present address: European Space Research Organization, 36 Rue La P&
chemisches Institut, Humboldt&
"The Gustaf Werners Institute for Nuclear Chemistry, Uppsala.&
Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School.&
"Istituto Geofisico, Universit&agrave
Permanent address: A. Mickiewicz University, Faculty of Chemistry, Pozna&
"Technological Irradiation Group, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Isotope Division, Wantage Radiation Laboratory, Grove, Nr. Wantage, Berks. Aug. 5."
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Weybridge, Surrey. Feb. 7."
"Textile Chemistry Laboratory, Department of Textile Industries, University, Leeds. July 18."
"Regional Blood Transfusion Centre, Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh 3. Sept. 28."
adaptation,Universit&
"CSIRO Division of Entomology, P.O. Box 109, Canberra City."
"University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg. Sept. 9."
culaire, La Source, Orl&
 Institut des Sciences de l''Envolution, UMR 5554 C.N.R.S., CC064, Universit&
"Materials Research Center, Allied Chemical Corporation, Morristown, New Jersey 07960"
"Department of Pathology, University of Sheffield. April 20."
"Laboratoire de Physique Appliqu&
 de Pharmacie,Universit&
"Microbiology Unit, Battersea College of Technology, London, S.W.11."
"Institut d''Histologie et Laboratoire des Isotopes, Service de Pathologie g&
"Osaka Research Laboratory, Tanabe Seiyaku Co., Ltd., Kashima-cho, Higashiyodogawa-ku, Osaka."
Research technician, Long Beach Veterans Administration Hospital."
"Department of Cancer Research, London Hospital, E.1. June 1."
"Department of Electrical Engineering, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
"Water Examination Department, Metropolitan Water Board, 177 Rosebery Avenue, London, E.C.1."
On a research grant from the Middlesex Hospital, London."
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Ministry of Power, Portobello St., Sheffield, 1."
Present address: Faculty of Rural Science, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, and &
"British Petroleum Research Centre, Sunbury-on-Thames, Middlesex.Department of Applied Geophysics, Imperial College, London, S.W.7."
Public Health Service Research Fellow of the National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases."
Laboratory of Radiation Research and &
"Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, London, S.W.1."
"Department of Biophysics, University College, London, and Stazione Zoologica, Naples."
Julius-von-Sachs-lnstitut f&
"Biology Department, Wool Industries Research Association, Torridon, Headingley, Leeds 6. Aug. 15."
t Regensburg, Lehrstuhl f&
"Physical Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Zentrum f&
 d''Oncologie Virale, D&
"Department of Pharmacology, University of Z&
To whom correspondence should be addressed. Permanent address: Institute of Medical Biology, University of Troms&
r Virologie, Fachbereich Humanmedizin der Justus-Liebig Universit&auml
"Departments of Medicine and Physiology, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755"
ficas, Secci&
"Brewing Industry Research Foundation, Nutfield, Redhill, Surrey."
"Department of Mathematics, Queen Elizabeth College, Campden Hill Road, London W8."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7.Game Research Association, Fordingbridge, Hampshire."
"Division of Organic Chemistry, C.S.I.R.O. Chemical Research Laboratories, Box 4331, G.P.O., Melbourne.Ian Clunies Ross Animal Research Laboratory, C.S.I.R.O. Division of Animal Physiology, P.O. Box 144, Parramatta, New South Wales."
Gruppo di Meccanica Spaziale, Dipartimento di Matematica, Universit&agrave
"Sericultural Experiment Station, Suginami, Tokyo. April 30."
"C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, Division of Textile Physics, Ryde, New South Wales.C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, Division of Protein Chemistry, Parkville, Victoria."
At present at the Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Institut de Chimie Biologique et Institut de Biologie Bact&
"Institut de Pharmacologie et de Toxicologie de I''Universit&
2790
r Kernchemie der Universit&auml
"Divisions of Biology and of &
 Laboratory of Molecular Biology &
Present address : Surgical Unit, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Department of Growth and Development, Institute of Child Health, University of London, Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, London, W.C.1."
"The Beatson Institute for Cancer Research, Glasgow."
"Zoologisches Institut (I), Universit&auml
"Department of Mathematics, University of New England, Armidale, N.S.W. Jan. 7."
"Department of Anatomy, University College, Cork. June 15."
"Nature Conservation Research Centre, Polish Academy of Sciences, Krak&
"Department of Pathology, The University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow. Nov. 13."
Holder of the Jacob I. Schaffer memorial scholarship."
diatrique de Parme."
Alfred-Wegener-Institut f&
"Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London, W.C.1."
Now at English Electric Research Laboratories, Whetstone, Leicestershire."
"British Gelatine and Glue Research Association, 2a Dalmeny Avenue, London, N.7. Feb. 25."
"Research Department, British Nylon Spinners, Ltd., Pontypool, Mon."
"Institute of Industrial Hygiene and Occupational Diseases, 32 Karlovo n&
"Biophysics Laboratory, Department of Physics, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London."
Pathology and LaboratoryMedicine and &
ne der Rijks Universiteit, Leyden. April 22."
decine, 45 rue des Saints-P&
"Jodrell Bank Experimental Station, Lower Withington, Cheshire. Nov. 4."
"Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of P. J. &
Transplantation Biology, Section, Immunology Branch and &
"Hematology&
l undOrganische Geochemie (ICG-4), Forschungszentrum J&
Institute of Animal Genetics, University of Edinburgh"
"Division of Radiophysics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Sydney, New South Wales. April 4."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Dec. 11."
oanthropologie et de Pr&
"Institute of Infectious Diseases, University of Naples."
"Department of Organic Chemistry,Department of Microbiology and Biochemistry,Faculty of Chemistry,Slovak Polytechnical University,Bratislava,Czechoslovakia."
26770
School of Oceanography, &
The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo 1"
Division of Medical Genetics, Department of Medicine&
"Section of Soil Science, School of Agriculture, University of Sidney."
"Division of Physics, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, University Grounds, Sydney. Dec. 4."
"Shell Research Limited, Thornton Research Centre, Chester"
"Department of Technical Co-operation.&
"Department of Botany, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1.Human Nutrition Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London, N.W.3. Dec. 16."
"Pest Infestation Laboratory, London Road, Slough, Bucks. Oct. 20."
"East African Marine Fisheries Research Organization, Zanzibar. June 1."
"Department of Microbiology, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore."
"Department of Biochemistry,Department of Surgery, University of Glasgow."
"Research Laboratories, Kodak Ltd., Wealdstone, Harrow, Middlesex."
gulations, Coll&
"Institute of Physics, University of Stockholm."
"Research Laboratory in Biochemical Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, Sunderland."
dicale Prop&
"Medical Research Council Experimental Virus Research Unit, Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow."
Department of Pediatric Medicine, Children''s Hospital Medical Center, &
Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, Didcot,UK"
"The Broken Hill Pty. Co., Ltd., Central Research Laboratories, Shortland, 2N, New South Wales."
35792
At the High Altitude Observatory on a 1959 Undergraduate Summer Fellowship."
"Research Department, Masaryk State Radio therapeutical Institute, Brno. June 12."
Centre Pharmaceutique et LURE, Universit&
Permanent address: Marine Science Laboratories, Menai Bridge, Anglesey, Wales."
s Cloitres, 38031 Grenoble C&
ln-Lindenthal."
Solar Astronomy 264&
 Biotechnology Group, Department of Microbiology, Institute of Medical Biology, University of Troms&
8, U.S.S.R."
Charles S. Hayden Foundation, professor of surgery in cancer research."
Present addresses: Sealy Center for Molecular Science(S.N.G., H.Q., P.S., L.P. and S.P.)
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. Aug. 19."
"Klinisches Laboratorium, Hanuschkrankenhaus, Vienna."
x02010
Present address: Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Division of Entomology, Science Service, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. Jan. 9."
"Istituto di Fisica della Universit&agrave
Member of EURATOM."
Present address: Plant Pathological Station, Flowerdale, Simla E."
"Animal Diseases Research Association, Moredun Institute, Gilmerton, Edinburgh. Jan. 14."
"Physics Laboratory, London Hospital, London, E.1. May 18."
"National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi."
"Department of Physiology, Royal Veterinary College, London, N.W.1. Dec. 19."
"Laboratoire de Morphologie animale, Facult&
"Research and Development Dept., British Oxygen Co., Ltd., Morden Road, London, S.W.19. July 9."
x02019
 Department of Biochemistry, &
"Crystallographic Laboratory, Geological Institute, University of Ghent. Jan. 17."
decine de Marseille."
mica y Biolog&
Present address: Istituto di Patologia Generale dell'' Universit&agrave
"Department of Toxicology, Faculty of Medicine, University of T&
"Applied Physical Chemistry Laboratories, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Dec. 20."
 Department ofGeology, CP160, Universit&
On leave of absence from the Veterinary School, University of Sarajevo."
Present address: Rubber Research Institute, Agalawaite, Ceylon."
"Chemistry Department, Allahabad University, Allahabad."
"Physics Laboratories, British Iron and Steel Research Association, Battersea, London, S.W.11. Jan. 1."
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, University College Hospital, Ibadan.Department of P&
"MRC Toxicology Research Unit, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
Present address: Department of Natural Philosophy, St. Salvator''s College University of St. Andrews.&
Superconductivity Research Laboratory, International Superconductivity Technology Center, 2&
Present address: Laboratoire de G&
"Chemistry Department, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne, and The Thermal Syndicate, Ltd., Wallsend, Northumberland. June 12."
ssische Technische Hochschule, Zurich. Dec. 10."
 Towhom correspondence should be addressed."
r Entwicklungsbiologie, Abt. Genetik, Spemannstr. 35/III, D-7400 T&
ru 10, Brno. Aug. 25."
"Department of Anatomy, University, Leeds. Oct. 5."
Department of Chemistry&
Present address: Clinique de Dermatologie, H&
"Northern Polytechnic, Holloway Road, London, N.7."
Blood Bank and Department of Immunohaematology, Ullev&
Deceased July 22, 1966."
"Gatty Marine Laboratory, St. Andrews. Aug. 10."
rzburg, Department of Physiologische Chemie I, Am Hubland, D-97074 W&
"Department of Zoology, University College, London, W.C.1."
"Abteilung Membranbiophysik, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
Technical College and &
"Medical Research Council Neurological Research Unit and Institute of Neurology, National Hospital, Queen Square, London."
"Research Institute for Plant Protection, Budapest. March 4."
"Organisch-chemische Anstalt, Basel.CIBA, Basel.Middlesex Mospital Medical School, London. May 29.&
"Department of Metallurgy, University of Sheffield. June 30."
"Science 4, Air Ministry, London. Nov. 11."
orique, Coll&
"University of St. Andrews, Department of Botany, Queen''s College, Dundee.&
To whom correspondence should be addressed   "
"Koranyi National Tuberculosis Institute, Budapest 124.Institute of Medical Chemistry, University, Budapest."
 Salp&
"Research Department, African Explosives &amp
From the Medical Research Council Research Group on Immunology as applied to Dermatology."
Molekulare Humangenetik der Ruhr-Universit&auml
cologique et Obst&
"Botany Department, The University, Leeds 2. Nov. 29."
"Laboratory of Microbiology, Carlo Erba Institute for Therapeutic Research, Milan. May 2."
Rosenstiel Basic Medical Sciences Research Center and &
Rutherford Laboratory, Chilton, Didcot, Berkshire&
 Affiliated to the Astrophysics Division, Space Science Department, European Space Agency."
tiqu&
t Marburg, and Max-Planck-Institut f&
7747
"Glaxo Laboratories, Greenford Road, Greenford, Middlesex."
"Institute of Animal Breeding, Royal Agricultural College, Uppsala 7."
"University Department of Pathology, Western Infirmary, Glasgow, W1."
partement de Biologie Cellulaire et Mol&
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Radiotherapy Department, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3."
"Defence and Civil Institute of Environmental Medicine P. O. Box 2000, Downsview, Ontario"
"Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, London. Feb. 1."
Department of Physics, Queen Mary College, University of London, Mile End Road, London E1 4NS&
Aspirant of the Belgian National Foundation for Scientific Research."
"MRC Tropical Metabolism Research Unit, St Mary''s Hospital, London W2."
ans-la Source (Loiret), B.P. 6009, 45060 Orl&
"Blood Group Reference and Research Laboratory, 735 Notre Dame Ave., Winnipeg 3, Manitoba."
"Department of Agriculture, University, Leeds 2. Oct. 16."
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. May 8."
"State Institute of Hygiene, Budapest.&
"43 Athen&
"Department of Clinical Therapeutics, University of Athens, School of Medicine, Alexandra Hospital, Athens.&
r Humangenetik, Westf&auml
Mr. and Mrs. John Jaff&
"St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London EC1."
"Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Sept. 4."
MAFF Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk&
G&
Department of Microbiology&
"Department of Genetics, University of Glasgow. Feb. 8."
tisme, 4, avenue de Neptune, 94100 Saint-Maur&
"5 Gloucester Gate, London, N.W.1. May 10."
"Veterinary Laboratory, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey. Oct. 17."
"Croindene, Strandway, Felpham, Bognor Regis."
"Department of Pathology, Medical University of P&
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7, and Medical Research Council Experimental Radiopathology Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W.12."
"Chemisches Laboratorium, Medizinische Universit&auml
Schoonoord&
"Instituto de Antibi&
"Soils Division, An Foras Tal&
"Biology Department, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, N.Y.&
"Pharmakologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Chemical Department, University College, Cork. Nov. 8."
"Radio and Space Research Station, Ditton Park, Slough, Bucks."
"Chelsea Polytechnic, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. Sept. 12."
"Pharmaceuticals Division, ICI, Ltd., Macclesfield, Cheshire."
Istituto di Scienze Fisiche dell''Universit&agrave
ochimie des Isotopes Stables, D&
"Istituto d''lgiene e Microbiologia, Universit&agrave
"Boris Kidrich Institute of Nuclear Sciences, Belgrade. May 24."
"Physics and Engineering Unit, Wool Textile Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, The Hermitage, Ryde, New South Wales. June 13."
n de Farmacologia (Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas) Barcelona, and the Research Department of Laboratorio P.E.V.Y.A., Molins de Rey, Barcelona. May 29."
r Experimentelle Pathologie, Universit&auml
"Textile Research Institute, Princeton, New Jersey. Dec. 16."
"Wellcome Laboratories for Experimental Parasitology, University of Glasgow."
173 High Holborn, London, W.C.1."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London.&
t, Forschungsstellefur Pal&auml
r Geophysik, Technische Universit&auml
Pre-doctoral National Defense Education Act Fellow in genetics."
ge. April 16."
"Building Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Garston, Herts."
World Health Organization Fellow 1959."
Forschungzentrum J&
me, Universit&
 To whom the correspondence shouldaddressed"
gelse, &
Present address: 1 Thabana Gardens, 53 Old Pretoria Road, Craighall, Johannesburg."
"Department of Chemistry, Clark University. Feb. 17."
"Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism Unit, Hospital for Tropical Diseases, 4 St Pancras Way, London NW1 2PE"
Pediatrics, and &
"Department of Medicine, Royal Free Hospital, London, W.C.1."
Biologische Bundesanstalt f&
"Laboratory Animals Bureau, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Holly Hill, Hampstead, London, N.W.3. Nov. 1."
"Clinique des Maladies Mentales, Institut National d''Hygi&
"Research Laboratory, Tate and Lyle, Ltd., Ravensbourne, Westerham Road, Keston, Kent. July 27."
Psychology and &
"MRC Cell Biophysics Unit, Department of Biophysics, King''s College, 26&
Department of Genetics, FederalUniversity of Paran&
Institut d''Embryologie du C.N.R.S. et du Coll&
"Department of Pharmacognosy, Medical Academy, Pozna&
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, (University of London), Strand, London, W.C.2. May 17."
"Department of Pharmacology, Hahnemann Medical College and Hospital of Philadelphia. April 27."
"Department of Human and Comparative Anatomy, University of Ghent."
Unit of Applied Cell and Molecular Biology, University of Ume&
"Physical Chemistry Section, Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Leatherhead."
 Microbiology and Immunology, and&
"CNRSUA D1284 Neurobiologie Mol&
"Ship Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Jan. 21."
Department of Physics, The University (NLHT), 7000 Trondheim&
"Department of Medicine, Jefferson Medical College of Philadelphia, 1025 Walnut Street, Philadelphia. July 19."
t Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 324, 6900 Heidelberg&
53."
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset. July 9."
Professeur &agrave
"Laboratoire de Biochimie, H&
"Developmental Biology Center, &
"Research Department, Agricultural and Horticultural Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Lenton Experimental Station, Nottingham. June 9."
"Laboratoires d''Hygi&
 de Diff&
Division of Genetics and Mental Retardation Center, and &
Searle Research Laboratories, High Wycombe.&
Present address: British Coal Utilization Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Department of Physical Chemistry, University of Gda&
 184 de Biologie Mol&
"Laboratoire d''Histophysiologie, Coll&
s Lor&
"Division of Applied Biology, National Research Council, Ottawa, 2."
"British Petroleum Company, Ltd., BP Research Centre, Sunbury-on-Thames."
"Northern Coke Research Laboratories, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne. Sept. 19."
"Department of Surgery, Presbyterian Medical Center, San Francisco.&
n, Buenos Aires. Aug. 25."
"Division of Fisheries, Sea Point, Cape Town. Dec. 14."
"Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
"Laboratory of Non-parasitic Diseases, Benaki Phytopathological Institute, Kiphissia-Athens. July 3."
"Chemical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7.&
"Radiotherapy Department, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Jan. 4."
"University Biochemical Laboratory, Madras, 25. June 9."
"Department of Physics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Feb. 22."
"Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, University College, London, W.C.1. Jan. 21."
"Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, B.P. No. 8, 94800 Villejuif&
INSERM U273, Centre de Biochimie, Universit&
Laboratoire de Catalyse, Facult&
 27, Prag II. Nov. 16."
Institute of Neurological Studies, The Middlesex Hospital&
Orthopaedics, and &
"Setschenov Institute of Evolutionary Physiology and Biochemistry, Academy of Sciences of U.S.S.R., Leningrad."
"Bland-Sutton Institute of Pathology, The Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. April 29."
7, Budapest."
"MRC Research Group, Department of Physiology, University of Sheffield."
"Institute of Pharmacology, University of Uppsala. Jan. 2."
"Department of Chemical Technology, Royal College of Science and Technology, Glasgow. June 3."
"Department of Physical Metallurgy,Department of Chemical Engineering, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. June 18."
Department of Neurology, &
To whom all communications should be sent."
"Department of Medicine and &
"Divisions of Morphological Science and Medical Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4"
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh."
"Department of Psychology, University of Sheffield."
, School of Medicine, 9001 Troms&
"Chemical Physics Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. July 11."
"Medical University Clinic, Zurich. Jan. 16."
tiqueet d''amelioration des plantes, BV 1540, 21034 Dijon c&
r Vegetative Physiologie, Johann Wolfgang-Goethe-Universit&auml
ts-Kinderklinik, 74 T&
"Instituto de Biofisica, Instituto de Microbiologia, Centro de Ci&
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Bombay. July 25."
"Department of Chemistry, University College, Gower Street, London WC1"
"Isotope Research Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Wantage Radiation Laboratories, Wantage, Berks. Oct. 14"
"University, Leeds, 2. July 12."
"Department of Bacteriology, University of Sheffield. Feb. 9."
"Wye College, (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent. Feb. 26."
t, Z&
r Botanik, Universit&amp
tica Cuantitativa, Instituto Nacional de Investigaciones Agrarias, Carretera de la Coru&
"Imperial College, University of London."
rich, Winterthurerstrasse 190, 8057-Z&
Institute of Medical Microbiology, University of Uppsala&
"Electrical Engineering Department, University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 26."
"Koninklijke/Shell-Laboratorium, Amsterdam."
"Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College, Mile End Road, London E1."
"Laboratoire de Spectrom&
"Department of Physiology, Tokyo Women''s Medical College, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo."
Post-doctoral fellow, U.S. Public Health Service, Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London.&
"Department of Pathology and Cancer Research Centre, Assam Medical College, Dibrugarh, Assam."
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London."
"Laboratorium voor Genetika&
"McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Sydney. Sept. 27."
nyi, Budapest 124.Margaret-Hospital, Budapest III."
Department of Physics, Institute of Cancer Research, Belmont, Sutton, Surrey.&
"Physiological Laboratory, University of Basle. Oct. 20."
"Chemistry Department, Battersea Polytechnic, London, S.W.11. Nov. 17."
"Nematology Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. Dec. 12."
Present address: Physiologisches Institut der Universit&auml
Engineering Seismology Section, Imperial College, London SW7&
 di Pisa.Laboratorium voor Fysische Aardrijkskunde, Universiteit te Gent.Service de G&
, Bunkyo, Tokyo."
"Maclean Laboratory, Hospital of St. John and St. Elizabeth, London, N.W.8. Feb. 12."
Research Fellow in Pediatric H&
"Department of Biochemistry and The Genetics Curriculum, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.&
ningen. April 11."
"Dept. of Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1.Dept. of Chemical Pathology, Royal Free Hospital, London, W.C.1."
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Departments of Biochemistry and &
"Rutherford High Energy Laboratory, Chilton, Didcot, Berkshire."
"Department of Medicine, Postgraduate Medical School, London."
On leave during 1957&
"County High School, Arnold, Nottinghamshire."
"Experimental Physics Institute, University of Istanbul."
"Department of Experimental Surgery, Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London, W.12."
 Centre de Biophysique Mol&
 14lnstitut deGeologie, Universit&
"Department of Chemistry, Physics and Metallurgy, Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants."
ric Joliot, Orsay, Seine et Oise."
isica, Departamento de Geof&
"Department of Geophysics, Andhra University, Waltair (A.P.)."
"Bacteriology Dept., Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. March 30."
"N.V. De Bataafsche Petroleum Maatschappij, Royal Dutch-Shell Group, The Hague. Feb. 20."
Division of Virology, Bureau of Biologics&
 Department of Neurology and &
"Stazione Zoologica di Napoli.Istituto di Zoologia, Universit&
"Skinners'' School, Tunbridge Wells. Aug. 12."
r Virologie und Immunobiologie, Universit&auml
"Garverin&auml
 de recherches du Fonds National Belge de la Recherche Scientifique."
"Istituto di Geologia e Paleontologia dell''Universit&agrave
"Vision Research Unit of the Medical Research Council, Institute of Ophthalmology, London, W.C.1. July 17."
"British Welding Research Association, 29 Park Crescent, London, W.1. Sept. 30."
nster, M&
r Geophysik, Olshausenstrasse 40&
ORSTOM et laboratoire de G&
University of Athens, Department of Physics, Athens&
ologie du Quaternaire, Facult&
Departments of Psychiatry and Neurology, and&
"Pneumoconiosis Research Unit of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Johannesburg.&
Present address: Tea Research Institute of Ceylon, St. Coombs, Talawakele."
"Clinical Chemotherapeutic Research Unit of the Medical Research Council, Western Infirmary, Glasgow. July 5."
"Department of Physiology, Institute of Ophthalmology, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Medical Chemistry and &
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, University of Lund. Feb. 2."
"Health Physics Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory&
t. 510,Universit&
"Department of Zoology, Annamalai University, Annamalainagar. July 27."
r Verhaltensphysiologie, D 8131 Erling-Andechs"
nchen, Goethestrasse 33, W-8000 M&
mico, C&
Groupe de Dynamique des Phases Condens&
"Laboratory of General Biology, Faculty of Sciences, University of Li&
Present address: Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, Shrewsbury Mass., U.S.A."
Department of Pathophysiology of Vision and Neuro-ophthalmology, University Eye Hospital, 7400 T&
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Dec. 18."
Gatty Marine Laboratory, St Andrews.&
Departments of Biochemistry and &
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, near Didcot, Berks. Oct. 12."
"Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, New South Wales. Nov. 10."
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. April 16."
31800
"Department of Physics, Royal Naval College, Greenwich, London, S.E.10."
Howard HughesMedical Institute and &
"Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, 8 Hunter Street, London, W.C.1.Department of Bacteriology, Royal Free Hospital, Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1."
15 374&
"Physical Institute, Lorand E&
Istituto di Fisica dell''Universit&
Present address: National Marine Water Quality Laboratory, Kingston, Rhode Island."
Centre Armoricain d''Etude Structurale des Socles, Institut de G&
"Laboratoire d''Anthropologie, Institut royal des Sciences naturelles de Belgique, Bruxelles."
"Institute of Clinical Research, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
Clinical Neurophysiology and &
, of the Academy of the Rumanian People''s Republic."
Fellow of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, 1952&
"Chemical Physics Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Aug. 24."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London SW3."
"Central Veterinary Laboratory, Weybridge.Tropical Products Institute, Gray''s Inn Road, London."
"Radio Physics Laboratory, Defence Research Board, Ottawa, Ontario."
"Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, Melbourne. May 20."
"Ship Division, National Physical Laboratory, Feltham, Middlesex."
"Electrical Engineering Department, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. May 24."
"National Institute of Oceanography, Wormley, Godalming, Surrey"
"P.O. Box 401, Pretoria."
National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases and &
"U.S. Naval Medical Research Unit No. 3, Cairo Office of Naval Attach&
r Biophysikalische Chemie, G&
"Geological and Mineralogical Institute, Faculty of Science, Tokyo University of Education, Otsuka, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo."
65 Mainz&
"Institut Battelle, Geneva.&
"Institute of Marine Research, Directorate of Fisheries, Bergen."
"Imperial College Field Station, Silwood Park, Sunninghill, Berks. May 6."
"Laboratorium voor Algemene Plantkunde, Plantenfysiologie en Farmacognosie&
"Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, University of St. Andrews Medical School, Dundee. Dec. 17."
"Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Faradayweg 4&
sicas y Naturales, Universidad de Buenos Aires."
"Natural Rubber Producers'' Research Association, 48&
"Department of Physiology, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
"Laboratoire d''Anthropologie Physique de l''Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes, 1 rue Ren&
"Division of Textile Physics, C.S.I.R.O. Wool Research Laboratories, 338 Blaxland Road, Ryde, N.S.W."
"Spectroscopy Division, Atomic Energy Establishment Trombay, Bombay 28."
Fellow of the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis."
"The Marine Station, Millport, Isle of Cumbrae. Feb. 23."
"Centre d''H&
"Department of Biochemistry, Univeristy, Nagpur. Jan. 3."
"Laboratori di Fisica, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"British Iron and Steel Research Association, 11 Park Lane, London, W.1."
12928
MRC junior research fellow
bingen. Aug. 22."
Present address: Department of Science Bacteriology, University of Glasgow, Anderson College, 56 Dumbarton Road, Glasgow, W.1."
Laboratories of Cellular Immunology, and Viral Oncology, Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, B.P. 8&
, L. Connor&
8141
netique de I''lNSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
 Department of Paediatric Haematology&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at present address: Neurologische Klinik, Universit&auml
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts.&
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
"Pharmacology Department, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
"Department of Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Feb. 17."
 de Clermont-Ferrand"
 Department of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics, and &
"Department of Anatomy, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London. May 10."
"National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne, Warwick. June 16."
"Istituto di Chimica Farmaceutica dell''Universit&agrave
Laboratoire de Neurobiologie Cellulaire et Mol&
"Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research
Swiss Cancer Research Institute, &
"Electrical Research Association, Cleeve Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. Feb. 21."
Anthropology, &
"Department of Bacteriology, Wright-Fleming Institute, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"Dept. of Agriculture and Stock, Toowoomba, Queensland. May 2."
"The Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, Langley Court, Beckenham, Kent."
"Department of Physics, University of Sheffield."
Present address: Instituto de Fisiolog&
"Laboratory for Physiopathology (Haematology), Department of Medicine, Academisch Ziekenhuis St Rapha&
matology Section, Department of Internal Medicine, University Hospital, Leyden."
"Department of Neuroanatomy, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, Harrogate."
"Bell Telephone Laboratories, Crawford Hill Laboratory, Holmdel, New Jersey."
"Department of Haematology, Institute of Child Health, 30 Guildford Street, London WC1."
H&
Shternberg State Astronomical Institute"
"Experimental Surgical Unit, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Ducane Road, London."
"Department of Experimental Pathology and Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Leeds. June 29."
"Laboratory of Radiobiology, Boris Kidri&
t W&
"Pharmacological Institute, University of Uppsala. Dec. 1."
Department of Microbiology, Immunology and Medicine, and&
s, Universit&
"Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Portobello Street, Sheffield 1. Nov. 4."
ophysique Interne et Tectonophysique, Institut de Recherches Interdisciplinaires de G&
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. June 8."
Lehrstuhl fur Bodenkunde der TechnischenUniversitat Munchen, Hohenbachernstrasse, D-8050 Freising-Weihenstephan,FRG&
"Laboratory of General Biology, University, Li&
Biochemisches Institut, Neue Universit&auml
"Department of the Government Chemist, Government Laboratory, Clement''s Inn Passage, London, W.C.2. April 3."
Present address: York Archaeological Trust, St Anthony''s Hall Annexe, 47 Aldwark, York Y1 2BX.&
Physics Department, St Mary''s University, Halifax, Nova Scotia&
"Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, Woods Hole, Mass."
"Department of Anthropology, University College, London. Nov. 25."
Present address: Biochemistry&
"Tissue Typing Laboratory, Blood Transfusion Unit, Westminster Hospital, London SW1"
"Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala. Nov. 11."
"Division of Animal Health and Production, McMaster Laboratory, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Sydney. April 17."
"Banana Research Scheme, Imperial College of Tropical Agriculture, Trinidad. Oct. 27."
Damon Runyan Memorial Fund Cancer Research Postdoctoral Fellow."
"Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.1."
"Research Department, General Chemicals Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Widnes Laboratory, Widnes. July 30."
Lawrence Livermore Laboratories, PO Box 808, Livermore 94550"
r Extraterrestrische Physik, Garching bei M&
"Medical Research Council, Blood Group Reference Laboratory, Lister Institute, London, S.W.1.Abt. III, Serologie u. Diagnostik, Robert Koch Institut, Berlin, N.65. Nov. 9."
 Abteilung Zellul&auml
16826
"Bureau of Mineral Resources, Geology and Geophysics, Canberra."
"C.S.I.R.O Radiophysics Laboratory, University Grounds, Sydney."
"Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, University of Osaka."
Benn W. Levy Student."
Department of Genetics and &
"The Procter &amp
"Chemistry Department, The University, King''s Buildings, Edinburgh 9. Sept. 25."
"Space Physics Division, Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, Trivandrum&
"Department of Zoology, University College, Gower Street, London WC1."
"Institute of Plant Morphology and Systematic Botany, University of Li&
"University of Glasgow Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden, Glasgow."
tri&
"Geologisk Institutt, Norges Tekniske H&
 Neurology, and &
 and Isotope Research&
"Physics Department, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
Present address: Institute Animal Behavior, 101 Warren St, Newark, New Jersey 07102."
Department of Pharmacology, The London Hospital Medical College, London E1&
"Food Research Laboratories, Health Protection Branch, Department of National Health and Welfare, Ottawa"
"1st Department of Medicine, University Medical School. Department of Pathophysiology, Institute for Experimental Medicine, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Kor&
"Department of Forensic Chemistry, University of Edinburgh."
"Department of Computer Science, University of Edinburgh."
"Department of Gyn&
nale (INSERM U7), H&
"Strahlenbiologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"28 Thurleigh Road, London, S.W.12."
"Rohm and Haas Co., Philadelphia, Penn. Jan. 11."
"Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario. Jan. 24."
Observatoire du Pic du Midi, Bagner&
 N. Thomas, Department of Medicine, University of Wales College of Medicine, Heath Park, Cardiff CF44XN, UK
 Physikalisches Institut, Universit&auml
 de Louvain."
"Department of Neuroendocrinology, Institute of Psychiatry,Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5."
Anaesthesia, Faculty of Medicine and &
242."
"The SNSF-project, (Acid Precipitation&
"Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Psychiatry (British Postgraduate Medical Federation), Maudsley Hospital,London, S.E.5. Dec. 20."
"Darjeeling Government College, Darjeeling. Sept. 16."
"Department of Applied Mathematics, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. March 6."
"Department of Agricultural Biochemistry, University College of Wales, Aberystwyth."
"Queen Mary College, London, E.1.&
"Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
"Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, Rahway, New Jersey."
"Treasury Medical Service (PO Branch), Armour House, St. Martin''s le Grand, London."
"Houghton Poultry Research Station, Houghton, Hunts."
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Medical Academy, ul. Kopernika 7, Cracow."
r Mikrobiologie and Archaeenzentrum, Universit&auml
"Istituto di Zoologia e Stazione Idrobiologica in Chioggia (Venice) dell''Universit&agrave
Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Pharmaceutical Research&
"Istituto di Genetica dell''Universit&agrave
 Present address: Textilforschungsanstalt, 415 Krefeld.&
Donner Postdoctorate Fellow in Biophysics. Present address: Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, Shrewsbury, Mass."
lischen, Wilhelms-Universit&auml
"Ivinglea, Dagnall, Berkhamsted, Herts. Aug. 21."
Laboratoire de Physiologie Pharmacologie, Unit&
rzburg, Am Hubland, 97074 W&
aire, Orsay&
lich, Postfach 1913, 52425 J&
sica, Unicamp, CEP 13081, Campinas, S&
"CSIRO Wheat Research Unit, North Ryde, New South Wales."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
"Department of Chemistry and Biology, Welsh College of Advanced Technology, Cathays Park, Cardiff.Department of Chemistry and Biology, West Ham College of Technology, Stratford, London."
"Wheatstone Laboratory, King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2."
 Department of Microbiology and the &
 d''Immunopathologie et de Rhumatologie P&
rimental, 154, route de Malagnou, Gen&
Present address: School of Medicine, University of Li&
"Corona Group, C. A. Parsons and Co., Ltd., Newcastle upon Tyne 6."
"Departments of Pathology (Western Infirmary) and Biochemistry, University of Glasgow."
"14 Linchfield Road, Datchet, Bucks."
trologie et ERA 1011, Universit&
Centre Oc&
"Research Laboratory, Lansil, Ltd.,Lancaster. July 14."
decine nucl&
"Institut Le Bel, Universit&
 Nuffield Department of Clinical Medicine, and &
"Naval Chemical and Metallurgical Laboratory, Naval Dockyard, Bombay 1."
"Department of Zoology, King''s College, University of London, Strand, London, W.C.2. June 19."
"Laboratory of Atmospheric Sciences, National Center for Atmospheric Research&
"Institut de Chimie, Universit&
Department of Biology, Osaka Medical College, Takatsuki, Osaka&
"Research Laboratory, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead, Berks. Sept. 7."
ts-Klinik, Bonn-Venusberg. Sept. 22."
Helen Hay Whitney Fellow, 1958&
"Women''s Clinic, Malm&
"Bedford College, University of London, Regent''s Park, London NW1 4NS"
"Home Office Forensic Science Laboratory, Rutland Drive, Harrogate, Yorkshire."
"Department of Biochemistry, University, Nagpur. June 17."
"Royal Radar Establishment, Great Malvern, Worcs."
National Academy of Sciences&
"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations."
Centre de Ecolog&
"Department of Geophysics, University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario. Jan. 15."
"Department of Biological Sciences, Institute of Technology, Bradford, 7."
"National Gas Turbine Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. June 20."
"University Department of Clinical Chemistry, The Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Forest Products, P.O. Box 310, South Melbourne, S.C.5."
Investigator, Royal Hellenic Research Foundation.&
Present address: Department of Botany, Westfield College (University of London), Hampstead, London, N.W.3."
ttskemiska Laboratorium, Stockholm 60.Department of Obstetrics and Gyn&
"Institutes of Biochemistry and Physics, University of Uppsala. Nov. 7."
ttingen&
Fellow of the John Simon Guggenheim Foundation during the work recorded here."
"Department of Surgical Science, University of Edinburgh, MRC Research Group on Clinical and Experimental Problems of Transplantation."
"Virus Department, Institute of Tropical Diseases, Hamburg. Sept. 17.&
School of Medicineand &
"Royal Children''s Hospital, Research Foundation, Melbourne.Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne."
"Section de Biochimie cellulaire, D&
"William Ramsay and Ralph Forster Laboratories, University College, London."
"Department of History, University, Melbourne. July 21."
"Department of Food Science, Royal College of Science and Technology, 1 Horselethill Road, Glasgow, W.2. Aug. 12"
U.S. Public Health Senior Research Fellow."
, Velazquez 138, Madrid 6."
gskolan, Stockholm, 70. Dec. 9."
"Department of Botany, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales.&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1. July 27."
"Research Department, Libbey&
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Hendon College of Technology, Hendon, London, N.W.4."
"Department of Plant Biology and Microbiology, Queen Mary College, University of London, Mile End Road, London E1 4NS"
Present address: Department of Zoology, University of Ceylon, Peradeniya, Ceylon."
hringerstrasse 10, Wien 9. June 27."
 Montecatini, Signa, Florence. Nov. 28."
Department of Pharmacology, Centre M&
"MRC Group for Research on Haemolytic Mechanisms, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, London.&
"Division of Plant Industry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Canberra, A.C.T."
"Institute for Solid State Physics, University of Tokyo."
INSERM U93, H&
"East African Marine Fisheries Research Organization, Zanzibar. Jan. 3."
r Limnologie, Postfach 165, Pl&
"Physics Department, Faculty of Science, Fouad I University, Cairo. Dec. 24."
The Institute for Biomolecular Structure and Function, and &
 J.-C. Kaplan, Institut de Pathologic Mol&
"Department of Pathology and Bacteriology, Seth G.S. Medical College, Parel, Bombay 12. Dec. 15."
"Central Clinical Laboratory and Medical Department III, S&
"Department of Pharmacology, University New Buildings, Teviot Place, Edinburgh 8."
"International Red Locust Control Service, Abercorn, Northern Rhodesia. July 18."
"Department of Biophysics, Institute of Cancer Research (Surrey Branch), Sutton, Surrey."
"Rowett Research Institute, Bucksburn, Aberdeenshire. Oct. 19."
"Laboratory of Applied Physiology, Division of Immunology, The Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology, Bute Gardens, Hammersmith, London W6"
"Antibiotics Research Station, Medical Research Council, 4 Elton Road, Clevedon, Somerset. April 7."
Predoctoral Research Fellow of the National Heart Institute."
"Center for Urban Horticulture, Box354115, &
"Department of Botany, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Aug. 27."
 de Biologic Mol&
"Laboratory of Colloid Chemistry, Urals Polytechnical Institute, Sverdlovsk, U.S.S.R. July 29."
Fellow of the J. S. Guggenheim Memorial Foundation."
"Department of Biological Sciences, University of Lancaster."
French Government and Fulbright Fellow. Present address: Laboratoire de Recherches de Biochimie M&
"Department of Geophysics, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7."
Ecole Normale Sup&
"Institute of Dermatology, St. John''s Hospital for Diseases of the Skin, Lisle Street, London, W.C.2."
Present address: E.G&amp
Department of Medicine, &
"National Institute of Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7"
"Service des Virus,Laboratoire de Radiomicrobiologie, Institut de Microbiologie et d''Hygi&
"Anatomy Department, University College, London WC1 E 6BT and Stazione Zoologica, Naples"
"Physics Department, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, New Jersey. March 15."
"Smith Kline and French Laboratories, Philadelphia. Feb. 26."
28."
"Institute of Pathophysiology, University of P&
"Department of Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London Bridge, S.E.1."
"Department of Metallurgy, University of Sheffield. May 20."
e aux Sciences pharmaceutiques, Institut de Chimie, B6, Universit&
"Institute of Pathology, Chemical Department, Erfurt Medical Academy, Nordhauser Strasse 74, GDR 50 Erfurt."
Department of Cellular and Molecular Physiology&
"Department of Biometry, University College, London, W.C.l."
"Genetics Department, Scottish Horticultural Research Institute, Invergowrie by Dundee."
 Zoologisches Institut, Universit&auml
"Chislehurst, Kent. May 6."
"Department of Physics Applied to Medicine, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1."
Tufts New England Medical Center.&
"Gatty Marine Laboratory and Department of Zoology, University of St. Andrews."
teborg. May 22."
"Departments of Pathology, Anatomy and Haematology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital, London."
 Molecular Genetics, Smith Kline &amp
"Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Homebush, N.S.W. June 14."
"Department of Bacteriology and Immunology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow"
Human&
"Hope''s Grove, Tenterden, Kent. June 23."
Sutton Institute of Pathology, The Middlesex Hospital, London, W.1. Dec. 19."
"Medical Research Council Department of Clinical Research, University College Hospital Medical School, London."
"Bedford College, University of London. Feb. 11."
"Institut Royal des Sciences naturelles de Belgique, Bruxelles, et Centre National de Radiobiologie et de G&
The Frythe&
gicos e Paleontol&
"Medico-Biological Institute of the National Defence Research Council T.N.O., Leyden."
"Birbal Sahni Institute of Pal&
"Department of Medicine, London Hospital, London, E.1."
"Division of Endocrinology, University Institute for Experimental Medicine Copenhagen. June 8."
Departments of Psychiatry, &
Carnegie Fellow."
"Dove Marine Laboratory, Cullercoats, Northumberland. Sept. 1."
o Immuno-hematologia, Instituto de Hematologia da P.D.F., Rio de Janeiro. May 28."
Research Institute of Immunology and Rheumatology, Rikshospitalet University Hospital, Oslo."
"Wheatstone Physics Laboratory, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Dec. 10."
In receipt of a scholarship from the Norwegian Technical-Scientific Research Council."
culaire et Cellulaire, D&
b z povolania, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. Oct. 11."
"Materials Science Section, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
"Biochemical Institute, University, Aarhus. May 1."
t des Saarlandes, 6600 Saarbr&
"Sir John Cass College, London, and Birkbeck College, London."
"Department of Pathology,Department of Biochemistry, The University, Glasgow."
"Chemistry Department, University of Edinburgh. Aug. 27."
Wellcome Biotechnology and &
"Marine Biological Association, Citadel Hill, Plymouth."
"Departments of Anatomy, Psychiatry, Biochemistry and the Neurobiology Program, Biological Sciences Research Center, University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514"
"ARC Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College, University of London, Near Ashford, Kent."
"Marine Biological Association, Citadel Hill, Plymouth.&
"Queen Mary College, University of London, E.1. March 5."
"Mineralogisch-Petrographisches Institut der Universit&auml
"Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Charing Cross Hospital Medical School, London, W6"
ts-Kinderklinik, M&
"Twyford Laboratories, Twyford Abbey Road, London."
Present address: Clinical Pharmacology Unit, Department of Medicine, Royal Postgraduate Medical School, Hammersmith Hospital, London W12."
The Seabird Group, Zoology Department, Tillydrone Avenue, Aberdeen AB9 2TN"
 Laboratoire de Biophysique, Mus&
"Overseas Radio Branch, Post Office Engineering Department, 2&
Departments of Neurology and Obstetrics and Gynecology, College of Physicians &amp
"Radio Research Station, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Slough, Bucks."
"Centre de Spectrom&
r Experimentelle Medizin, Abteilung Chemie, G&
Present address: Solid State Physics Division, Mullard Research Laboratories, Redhill, Surrey."
"Institute of Organic Chemistry, University, Budapest, Muzeum krt. 4/b.National Institute for Tuberculosis, Kor&
Medizinische Klinik I, Klinikum Grohadern, Universit&auml
5487
ln&
"Laboratoire de Morphologie animale, University libre de Bruxelles."
"St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London."
"Psychology Dept., The University, Glasgow. Nov. 7."
"Department of Pathology, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne, 1."
Holder of U.S. Public Health Service career and development award 5K3&
"Signals Research and Development Establishment, Ministry of Aviation, Somerford, Christchurch, Hampshire."
"Research Department, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., (Alkali Division), Northwich. May 28."
"Torry Research Station, Aberdeen."
"Bechuanaland Protectorate Geological Survey, Lobatsi. Oct. 26."
"Department of Animal Physiology, Royal Agricultural College, Uppsala 7."
de Virologie et Immunologie Mol&
"Immunology Unit, Department of Bacteriology, University of Edinburgh.&
"The Mullard Radio Valve Co., Ltd., New Road, Mitcham Junction, Surrey."
  Radio &amp
Postdoctoral Research Fellow of the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Blindness, U.S. Public Health Service"
"Department of Pathology of the University and Western Infirmary, Glasgow. March 6."
r biophysikalische Chemie, 3400 G&
2&
"King''s College Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.5."
"Department of Experimental Biochemistry, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. Oct. 5."
"Bacteriology Laboratory, Northern Regional Hospital Board, Inverness."
From the Wool Textile Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne."
rales, University, Li&
MRC Experimental Haematology Unit, St Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London W2."
Biological Structure, &
 184 de l''INSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Meteorological Office, Edinburgh. Feb. 15."
matologie der Gessellschaft f&
"Torry Research Station, Aberdeen. Nov. 29."
"Ilford Research Laboratory, Ilford, Ltd., London. Feb. 9."
"University of St. Andrews, Biochemistry Department, Queen''s College, Dundee."
Autoimmune Disease Research,&
Universities Research Reactor, Risley, Lancashire&
Departamento de Astronom&
"Biology Department, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, 8 Hunter Street, London, W.C.1."
"European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
Department II of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, University Central Hospital, Helsinki"
"School of Chemical Engineering, New South Wales University of Technology. March 12."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Commonwealth Research Station, Merbein, Victoria."
Sir William Dunn School of Pathology, &
"Research Laboratories, Courtaulds, Ltd., Maidenhead.Research Laboratories, Courtaulds, Ltd., Coventry. Aug. 28."
Departments of Pharmacology&
 Laboratoire de Chimie Macromol&
"Division of Genetics, Department of Medicine, Brigham &amp
"Department of Zoology, University of Delhi, Delhi 8. April 21."
"English Electric Co., Ltd, Whetstone, nr. Leicester."
"for members of the Space Research Group, Department of Physics, University College, London."
"Medical Research Council Rheumatism Research Unit, Manor Hospital, Combe Park, Bath."
"Department of Biology, Brunel College, London, W.3, and Department of Botany and Zoology, Sir John Cass College, London, E.C.3."
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. July 26."
"Department of Virology, St. George''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.W.1."
At present working in the Virianiu Jones Laboratory, University College, Cardiff."
"Departments of Physics and Radiobiology, St. Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, Charterhouse Square, London, E.C.I."
"Davy Faraday Research Laboratory, The Royal Institution, London."
 Astronomical Institute "Anton Pannekoek" &amp
"Sezione di Cibernetica, Scuola di Perfezionamento in Fisica Teorica a Nucleare, University, di Napoli."
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Hendon College of Technology, London NW4."
"Department of Biology and Geology, Norwood Technical College, London, S.E.27."
r molekularbiologie II der unversit&auml
"Bee Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts."
"Biology Department, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, L.I., N.Y."
Postdoctoral Trainee, Mental Health Training Program (5 T1 MH&
res and &
"Inter-Departmental Laboratory, Guy''s Hospital,London, S.E.1. June 30.&
St. Marianna University, Kawasaki, Kanagawa-ken"
"Department of Neuroendocrinology, Institute of Psychiatry, London."
Radioastronomisches Institut der Universit&auml
Shell Fran&
"Department of Neurobiology, Max-Planck-Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, D 3400 G&
rich. Nov. 8."
19310
r P&auml
"Microbiological Institute, Faculty of Pharmacy, Belgrade."
"Department of Geology and &
a y Neuropsiquiatr&
Kumaon, U.P."
"Department of Pathology, Postgraduate Medical School, London, W.12. Aug. 26.&
Present address: Department of Physical Chemistry, Kernforschungsanlage J&
"Instituto L&
 di Pavia. Dec. 12."
Institut Pasteur du Brabant, Brussels.&
"Department of Chemistry, University of Sheffield"
"Department of Physiology, Medical Faculty, University of Nijmegen."
Department of Chemical Engineering, Tokushima University, Tokushima&
"Physiological and Biochemical Institutes, University of Medical Science, Budapest. June 22."
 J. F. Harper, B. T. Darras &amp
 Unite&
"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Apollo Pier Road, Bombay&
"Department of Earth Sciences, University of Qu&
"National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi 12. March 3."
"Laboratoire de l''&
HowardHughes Medical Institute, &
"Department of Physiology, Medical College, Agra."
Institutef&
ningen. Nov. 17."
"Medical University Hospital, T&
 di Bologna. Nov. 22."
. Sept. 28."
nchen 2."
"Societ&agrave
Department of Psychiatry and &
"College of Technology, Plymouth."
European Coordinating Facility,   European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild-Strasse 2,   8046 Garching bei M&
Centro de R&
Department of Biochemistry, State University, Wassenaarseweg 64&
robies, Institut Pasteur, Garches (Seine et Oise). Aug. 19."
Lederle International Fellow from the National Institutes of Health, Buenos Aires."
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1.&
39 Brunswick Square, London, W.C.1."
 l''INSERM), Universit&
Centre OMS de Recherche et de Formation en Immunologie, D&
Present address: Department of Psychology, University of New England, Armidale, New South Wales."
Departments of Physiology-Anatomy and &
Laboratoire d''Hydrologie et de G&
"Cytogenetics and Cell Biology Unit, The Prince of Wales Hospital, Randwich, New South Wales 2031"
r biologische Kybernetik, Spemannstrasse 38, D-7400 T&
"Institute of Medical Chemistry and Institute of General Biology, Charles University Medical Faculty, Plzen, Karlovarsk&
Schering Chemicals Ltd, Burgess Hill, Sussex"
"Bee Research Department, Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. July 21."
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics (University of St. Andrews), Queen''s College, Dundee. March 15.&
24341
"University Hospital for Rheumatic Diseases, Oslo Sanitetsforenings Sykehus, Oslo 1.National Blood Group Reference Laboratory and Immunopathology Laboratory, State Institute of Public Health, Oslo 1."
 de R&
Organic Geochemistry Unit and School of Chemistry, and&
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3.&
"Colonial Insecticide Research Unit, Arusha, Tanganyika Territory. Jan. 6."
"Department of Chemical Engineering and Chemical Technology, Imperial College, London."
Division of Pathology, Central Hospital, Kokkola&
Unilever Research Laboratory, Colworth House, Sharnbrook, Bedfordshire.&
Isotope Geology Unit, British Geological Survey, 64&
Department of Molecular Biology, The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709&
Permanent address: Centre de Biologie du D&
5
Molecular Genetics, and &
 Department of Cytology&
re et du Rayonnement, 14032 Caen C&
"Royal Air Force Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hampshire.Department of Chemical Pathology, Group Pathology Laboratory, General Hospital, Southampton."
"Abteilung Immungenetik, Max-Planck-lnstitut f&
and Surgery &
 NSI Technology Services and &
"Wellcome Laboratories of Tropical Medicine, London, N.W.1.Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent."
Division of Basic Sciences, A1&
International Laboratory of Marine Radioactivity, Mus&
w.Institute of Systematic Zoology of the Polish Academy of Sciences, Krak&
"1Fachbereich Biologie, Universit&auml
Department of Virus and Cell Biology, Merck Sharp &amp
"Marchwood Engineering Laboratories, Central Electricity Generating Board, Marchwood, Southampton."
Present address: School of Biology, City of Leicester Polytechnic."
Consultant psychiatrist, Muckamore Abbey Hospital, Muckamore, Co. Antrim."
"Department of Radiobiology, Centre d''&
decine V&
"Departments of Chemical Pathology and Biochemistry, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
 Department of Earth Sciences, &
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, University of London. Nov. 27.&
"Royal Dutch/Shell Laboratory, Delft. Oct. 25."
Radiation Biology Center and &
Rhode St-Gen&
McDonnell Center for the Space Sciences, &
"Institutes of Pharmacognosy and Biochemistry, University of Istanbul, Istanbul. June 8."
tsklinik, Ludwig-Rehnstrasse 14, Frankfurt a. Main. March 24."
Giacomo Ciamician&
Associate of the F.N.R.S."
"Agricultural Experimental Station, Nyirtelek, Gyulatanya.Stereochemical Research Laboratory of the Academy of Science, Budapest.Institute of Physical Chemistry of the Technical University, Budapest."
tales, Li&
"Cooper Technical Bureau, Berkhamsted, Herts. Nov. 20."
"Departments of Dermatology&
"Serum and Vaccine Institute, Abbassia, Cairo."
"Fachbereich Biologic Zoologie, Universit&auml
"Yugoslav Academy of Science and Arts, Zagreb.Organic Chemistry Laboratory, Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich."
Verna and Marrs McLean Department of Biochemistry, and the W. M. Keck Center for Computational Biology&
J. Heyrovsk&
"Galton Laboratory, University College, London, W.C.1. Sept. 26."
"Department of Pathology and &
"Developmental Neurogenetics Laboratory, Section of Neurophysiology, Department of Neurology, Division of Neuroscience, Institute of Molecular Genetics, and &
Regional Department of Clinical Physics and Bio-engineering, Western Regional Hospital Board, 11 West Graham Street, Glasgow C4"
Ashton, Peterborough&
Departmentof Immunology, &
"Department of Zoology, University College, London. March 5."
 de Neurobiologie de l''INSERM (U.109), 2 ter, rue d''Al&
"Department of Radiological Health, Institute of Public Health, Tokyo."
 and McCollum-Pratt Institute, Johns Hopkins University."
"7 Quaker Close, Kings Ripton, Huntingdon"
"Wantage Radiation Laboratory, Grove, Berks."
r Physiologische Chemie, Philipps-Universit&auml
"Nature Conservancy, Merlewood Research Station, Grange-over-Sands, Lancashire."
Present address: Laboratoire de Neurobiologie, Ecole Normale Sup&
 Allm&auml
Research Center for Cell and Tissue Culture, Faculty of Agriculture, and &
Lister Research Unit and Department of Electron Microscopy, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, SW1."
"ABL-Basic Research Program, and &
"National Physical Laboratory, Hillside Road, New Delhi, 12. March 19."
"Radiumhemmet, Stockholm. March 26."
"Nuffield Research Unit, Institute of Psychiatry (University of London), Maudsley Hospital, London, S.E.5. Jan. 23."
Senior Public Health Service Research Fellow."
"Medical Research Council Blood Group Research Unit, Lister Institute, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1."
mica Macromolecular del Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cient&
"Institute for Plant Physiology, University of Budapest. Nov. 1."
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, University of London, Brunswick Square, W.C.1."
 Zentrum f&
 dos Campos, S&
tique de I''lNSERM, Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Anorganisch-chemisches Institut der Technischen Universit&
"Virology Department, Haffkine Institute, Bombay-12."
"Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., Research Department, Durham, N.C."
"Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1. Aug. 24."
"National Institute of Public Health, Stockholm 60."
"Research Laboratory, International Nickel Co., Inc., Bayonne, New Jersey, Aug. 19."
nese Organique, Universit&
Departmento de Bioqu&
"Vacuum Deposition Research Division, Edwards High Vacuum, Ltd., Crawley, Sussex."
"Chemical Inspectorate, Ministry of Supply, Royal Arsenal, London, S.E.18. Nov. 1."
r biologische Kybernetik, 74 T&
"First Department of P&
5."
Laboratory of Microbial Immunity, &
"Metallurgy Division, British Iron and Steel Research Association, Hoyle Street, Sheffield 3. March 14."
Bell Telephone Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey 07974.&
Sea&
Present address: Laboratoire d''Embryologie, Centre Hospitalier, 94270 Kremlin-bic&
"US Naval Oceanographic Office. Lamont Geological Observatory."
"Department of Anatomy, King''s College, London, W.C.2. Oct. 10."
Department of Pathology, and &
"King''s College, University of London, Strand, London, W.C.2. Sept. 16."
"Institute of Cytology, U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences, Leningrad."
"Department of Biology,Department of Anatomy, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, N.W.7. July 4."
"Chemistry and Dyeing Department, Technical College, Bradford. May 18."
"Institute for Thrombosis Research, University Hospital (Rikshospitalet), Oslo."
 Departments of &
"Houldsworth School of Applied Science, University, Leeds."
"Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, Juntendo University, Hongo, Tokyo."
lich, Postfach 1913, 5170 J&
Oc&
"Tuberculosis Immunization Research Centre, Statens Seruminstitut, Copenhagen. Nov. 4."
"Chemical Laboratories, University of Allahabad, Allahabad. May 5."
"Norges Landbruksh&
National Institutes of Health Medical Student Research Fellow."
4132
n Venezolana de Geolog&
"Istituto di Anatomia e Istologia Patologica, Centro di Microscopia Elettronica, Universit&agrave
"Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd, Rssearch and Development Department, Nobel Division, Stevenston, Ayrshire."
"Wool Textile Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Physics and Engineering Unit, The Hermitage, 338 Blaxland Road, Ryde, New South Wales. Nov. 27."
"Department of Hop Research, Wye College, Nr. Ashford, Kent. April 29."
"Barnato-Joel Laboratories, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London, W.1.Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berkshire."
"Research Department, Farmavigor, S.p.A., Milano. Feb. 25."
Brain Research Institute&
"Commonwealth Mycological Institute, Kew, Surrey."
de.Instituto de Qu&
Present address: Laboratoire de Physiologie, Facult&
"Department of Microbiology &amp
r Experimentelle H&auml
rieure de G&
 di Roma. Dec. 6."
rut, Budapest. Dec. 29."
"Institutes of General Pathology, Universities of Naples and Messina."
"University College Hospital Medical School, London, W.C.1. Dec. 18."
"Instituto di Geologia e Geofisica, Universit&agrave
Present address: Wesleyan College, Middletown, Conn."
"Institute of Pedology, Royal Agricultural College, Uppsala. Dec. 2.Institute of Biochemistry, University of Uppsala. Dec. 2."
"Department of Chemical Technology, University of Edinburgh and Heriot-Watt College. Nov. 21."
Universit&auml
"Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, Sunderland Polytechnic, Chester Road, Sunderland SR1 3SD"
"Veterinary Research Station, Glenfield, N.S.W."
"Toxicology Research Unit, Medical Research Council Laboratories, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey. April 27."
"Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Division of Food Preservation and Transport, Homebush, New South Wales. Oct. 14."
Now at King''s College of Household and Social Science, Campden Hill Road, London, W.8."
"Botanical Institute, University of Tokyo, Tokyo. July 9."
Wako Research Center, HONDA R&amp
"Research Laboratory, British Thomson-Houston Co., Ltd., Rugby. May 11."
"The Marine Station, Millport."
r Bodenkunde und Standortslehre der Forstlichen Forschungsanstalt, M&
"Central Electricity Research Laboratories, Physical Chemistry Section, Leatherhead, Surrey."
"Department of Physics, University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Salisbury."
a, Czechoslovakia."
"Seismic Research Unit,Soils Research Section, University College of the West Indies, Trinidad."
 libre, Bruxelles."
"Howard Hughes Medical Institute Laboratories: &
Institut de Pal&
nia"
Present address: Institute of Aviation Medicine, Royal Air Force, Farnborough, Hants."
r Physikalische und Theoretische Chemie, Universit&auml
"Department of Agricultural Bacteriology, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Cairo.Soil Microbiology Section, Ministry of Agriculture. May 25."
Division of Radiological Sciences, Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology, &
"Technical Department, Research Section, Benzole Producers, Ltd., Watford, Herts. May 7."
 des Sciences, Tours 1 6&
"Twyford Laboratories, Limited, Twyford Abbey Road, London, N.W.10."
nchen 2, Sophienstrasse 11."
"Institute of General Physiology, University of Bari, via Amendola 165/A&
gal"
Department of Microbiology, University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Newport Road, Cardiff."
"Department of Biology, Queen Elizabeth College, London, W.8."
"Esso Research Centre, Abingdon, Berkshire"
"Zoological Institute, Lund. Dec. 12."
"Agricultural Research Council Field Station, Compton, Nr. Newbury, Berks."
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Research Department, Alkali Division, Northwich, Cheshire."
"The Museum, Kuching, Sarawak. Aug. 30."
"Electrical Research Association, 5 Wadsworth Road, Perivale, Middlesex. Oct. 11."
"Division of Surgical Sciences Clinical Research Centre Watford Road, Harrow"
"Department of Zoology, Madras University, Madras&
"The Swedish Institute for Surface Chemistry, Drottning Kristinas v&auml
"Central Agricultural Research Station for Caroni, Ltd., and Ste. Madeleine Sugar Co., Ltd.,Carapichaima, Trinidad, The West Indies."
"Grassland Research Station, Stratford-on-Avon. Dec. 21."
"Radiumhemmet, Stockholm, 60."
Agricultural and Biological Engineering, and &
"Department of Physics, Acadia University, Wolfville, Nova Scotia."
 Neurochemistry and &
National Center for Supercomputing Applications and &
"Istituto di Zoologia, Universit&agrave
"Sandvikens Jernverks Aktiebolag, Coromantfabriken, Stockholm."
"Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, nr. Didcot, Berks. June 11."
triere, 47 boulevard de l''H&
"Centre G&
 MPI f&
"Kinderkliniek, Academisch Ziekenhuis, Groningen.Zuiderziekenhuis, Rotterdam. Dec. 1."
Antiviral Research and &
"Information Branch, National Research Council, Ottawa."
Present address: Chemical Enzymology Laboratory, Broad Oak Road, Sittingbourne, Kent."
Mitsubishi&
"Research Department, Bacteriology Division, Boots Pure Drug Co., Ltd., Oakfields Road, West Bridgford, Nottingham. April 6."
"Marine Biological Association, The Laboratory, Plymouth. July 15."
Laboratory of Biochemical Genetics, National Lung and Heart Institute            &
"Biochemical Laboratory, University of Ghent. Jan. 3."
"Cement and Ceramics Section, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Fishermen''s Bend, Melbourne."
"Medical Research Council, Experimental Genetics Research Unit, University College, London."
"MAFF, Fisheries Laboratory, Lowestoft, Suffolk"
Present address: Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell."
Deceased.&
Deceased."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Didcot, Berks."
 de Microbiologia, Velazquez 138, Madrid."
"Defence Research Chemical Laboratories, Ottawa, Ontario. July 8."
Service d''endocrinologie, H&
r Mikrobiologie und experimentelle Therapie, der DAW, Jena."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, South Farnborough, Hants. Aug. 24."
uboch&
nchen 40, Kraepelinstrasse 2, Federal German Republic"
"Research Institute of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Budapest VII, Rottenbiller u. 26. Nov. 25."
Postdoctoral Fellow, United States Public Health Service."
"Chelsea School of Pharmacy, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London, S.W.3. Dec. 10."
"Licensed Seed Testing Station, Christopher Hill, Ltd., Poole, Dorset. Feb. 12."
"Animal Health Trust, Houghton Grange, Huntingdon. Aug. 25."
xico."
"Institute of Laryngology and Otology (University of London), 330/332 Gray''s Inn Road, London, W.C.1.&
"Ross Institute of Tropical Hygiene, Keppel Street, London, W.C.1."
"Department of Geology and Palaeontology, University of S&
"Sub-department of Endocrine Pathology, Liverpool Clinic, Myrtle St., Liverpool 7."
a, Velazquez 138, Madrid 6."
"Nature Conservancy, 19 Belgrave Square, London, S.W.l. March 1."
"Department of Physiology, Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Ayr."
Post-doctoral Fellow, training grant, National Institutes of Health. Recipient of a Lederle International Award, Lederle Laboratories. Present address: H&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. July 6."
MRC Clinical Endocrinology, Research Unit, Edinburgh"
"Department of Physics, Institute of Cancer Research, Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3.&
"Laboratory for Isotope Geology, De Boelelaan 1085, Amsterdam."
"Radiobiological Research Unit, Cancer Institute Board, 483 Little Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, Victoria. March 10."
Cell Biology and &
"Pesticide Research Institute, University Sub-Post Office, London, Ontario.&
"Department of Ichthyology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown. April 12."
Department of Biochemistry, University College, Cardiff.&
"Physicochemical Laboratory, University of Brussels."
Present address: Theoretical Astrophysics 130&
"Chemistry Department, University, Glasgow, W.2."
"British Industrial Biological Research Asssociation, Woodmansterne Road, Carshalton, Surrey."
"Department of Radiobiology, Institute &
"Department of Physics, Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.1."
88 North End Road, London W14&
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. March 3."
"Carnegie Laboratory of Physics (University of St. Andrews), University College, Dundee. June 3.&
Present address: Department of Geology, Portsmouth Polytechnic, Hampshire, England."
se et de Mutag&
"Natuurkundig Laboratorium der Rijks-Universiteit, Westersingel 34, Groningen. Feb. 10."
In receipt of an Agricultural Research Council research studentship."
"Groupe de Biologie Marine du D&
"King''s College, London."
"National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. Nov. 25."
 Pharmacology and &
Present Address: BHP Melbourne Research Laboratories, Wellington Road, Clayton, Victoria, 3168."
"British Coal Utilisation Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey. March 28."
"Botany Department Bedford College, Regent''s Park, London, N.W.1. Jan. 8."
"Department of Physiology, King''s College, London, W.C.2.Applied Physical Chemistry Laboratory, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, S.W.7. Sept. 15."
Entente Interd&
Direction des Antiquit&
"Laboratoire de Psychologie, Universit&
"Institute of Atomic Physics, Bucharest, Rumania.Polarographic Institute &
Program in Cell and Molecular Biology and &amp
 Institut de Pharmacologie et de Toxicologie, Universit&
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Seattle Veterans Affairs Medical Center."
r Anorganische und Analytische Chemie, Universit&auml
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. May 20."
"Institute of Plant Physiology, E&
"Department of Chemistry, Brunel College of Technology, London, W.3, and Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary College, London, E.1."
Medical Research Council Radiobiology Unit, Harwell, Berkshire&
bec &agrave
"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, University, Tokyo. Aug. 25."
Institute of Petroleum and Organic Geochemistry (ICH-5), KFA J&
r biophysikalische Chemie, Abteilung Membranbiophysik, D-3400 G&
culaire et Cellulaire, UMR30-CNRS/UCBL, Facult&
Medical Research Council scholar."
Medical Research Centre and &
 Hospital, Athens."
"Division of Experimental Biology, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, N.W.7. June 5."
"Sir Howard Grubb, Parsons and Co., Optical Works, Walker Gate, Newcastle upon Tyne 6. June 8."
Earth Physics Branch, Department of Energy, Mines and Resources, Ottawa&
 Institut D''Embryologie Cellulaire et Mol&
"Institute of Microbiology, P&
e Oc&
1525
"Pharmacological Laboratory, University of Edinburgh. Dec. 15."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell. July 27."
"Scientific Department, &
"Department of Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1. Jan. 23."
"C.S.I.R.O. Division of Animal Genetics, New South Wales.&
"Physics Department, University College of the Gold Coast, Achimota."
Central Veterinary Laboratory, New Haw, Weybridge, Surrey&
"Imperial College, London"
"Instituut voor Kernphysisch Onderzoek, Oosterringdijk 18, Amsterdam"
"Antibiotics Research Station (Medical Research Council), Clevedon. July 25."
r Extraterrestrische Physik, D-8046 Garching bei M&
Present address: MRC Radiobiological Research Unit, Harwell, Didcot, Berkshire."
"Secci&
"British Food Manufacturing Industries Research Association, Randalls Road, Leatherhead, Surrey."
t Wilhelmstrasse 56 D-7400 T&
"Laboratoire de Biochimie Cellulaire, D&
Max-Planck Institutf&
Alfred Wegener Institut f&amp
Council of Scientific and Industrial Research Scientists'' Pool Officer."
"Metallurgy Division, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. Nov. 8."
 Insect Division and &
"Istituto di Anatomia e Istologia Patologica, Universit&agrave
t Freiburg/Br."
t, 69 Heidelberg, Hofmeisterweg 4"
"Center for Neurobiology and Behavior, Department of Anatomy &amp
Medical Biophysics and &
Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Clinical Research Institute of Montreal, 110 Avenue des Pins ouest, Montr&
"Department of Human Biology and Anatomy, University of Sheffield."
"Norwegian Defence Research Establishment, Chemical and Metallurgical Division, Lillestr&
r Kreislaufforschung, Berlin-Buch."
"Department of Botany, University College, Gower Street, London, W.C.1. March 3."
cs.Institute of Pharmacology, P&
Alderhurst&
"The New South Wales State Cancer Council, Special Unit, Prince of Wales Hospital, Randwick, NSW 2031"
Postdoctoral Fellow of the National Foundation.&
25240
"Agricultural Research Council, Institute of Animal Physiology, Babraham, Cambs. March 7."
"Laboratory of General Chemistry, Structural Chemistry Group Transitorium III, Universiteitscentrum &
culaires, Coll&
"Fisons Fertilizers, Ltd., Levington Research Station, Ipswich, Suffolk."
"Department of Physics Applied to Medicine, and Bland Sutton Institute of Pathology, Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
"Department of Physiological Chemistry, Medical Academy, Cracow."
"Royal Observatory, Edinburgh, 9."
"Department of Leather Industries, The University, Leeds 2. July 12."
"Electrical Engineering Department, Queen Mary College (University of London), London, E.1. Feb. 15."
46 Av. F&
"Department of Molecular Biology, The Wellcome Research Laboratories, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709"
"C.S.I.R.O., Division of Forest Products, Melbourne, Victoria."
Department of Hematology, Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
 Jet Propulsion Laboratory, M/S 169&
"Max-Planck Institute for Biophysics, Frankfurt am Main."
5417
, University of Naples."
"Institut Gustave-Roussy, Unit&
Department of Pediatrics and &
"Institut de Recherches de la Facult&
decine Nord, Bd P. Drammard, 13326 Marseille C&
"Merck Institute for Therapeutic Research, Rahway, New Jersey. Aug. 25."
Swedish Museum of Natural History, 104 05 Stockholm 50"
 71, 2100 Copenhagen."
On leave from the Istituto Superiore di Sanit&agrave
"East Malling Research Station, Maidstone, Kent."
"East Malling Research Station, Maidstone, Kent.&
Present address: The United Steel Companies, Ltd., Research and Development Department, Swinden Laboratories, Moorgate, Rotherham."
 Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Max-Delbruck-Haus,R. R&
"Ditton Laboratory, Food Investigation Organization (Department of Scientific and Industrial Research), Maidstone, Kent. Feb. 27."
"Research Institute (Animal Virus Diseases), Pirbright, Surrey. May 3."
Eppley Institute for Cancer Research, and Biology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory&
"University College, London, W.C.1. Oct. 23."
Mitotic Spindle Group in the Cell Biology Program, &
Ionosphere Research Laboratory, &
"Deutscher Wetterdienst, Seewetteramt, Hamburg."
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1. Jan. 19."
711
"Laboratoire de Physique Stellaire et Planetaire, Boite postale n 10, 91370&
Virologie and&
"Physiology Department, Faculty of Medicine, Ain Shams University, Cairo."
Laboratoire d''H&
"Department of Physics, Birbeck College, University of London. May 29."
Laboratoire de Physico-Chimie des Rayonnements, Associ&
, M. F. James&
"Klin.-chem. Laboratorium, Medizinische Klinik der Universit&auml
"Department of Cytochemistry, Courtauld Institute of Biochemistry, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, London W1."
Immunobiology Section&
"Medical Research Council, Department for Research in Industrial Medicine, The London Hospital, Whitechapel, London, E.1."
"Hawthorndale Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Limited, Jealott''s Hill, Bracknell, Berks. Dec. 2."
"Marine Biological Laboratory, Plymouth. Aug. 24."
lisation du  Climat et de I''Environment, CEA/DSM, CE Saclay 91191, and Laboratoire de Glaciologie et G&
"Division of Molecular Science, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Caroline Institute, Stockholm. April 15."
dio Astronomia e Astrosif&
Leverhulme Mental Health Research Fund Fellow"
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Sept. 13."
dicale, industrielle et agricole, S.P.R.L., Bruxelles. May 30."
r Quantenoptik, Garching bei M&
r Radioastronomie, Auf dem H&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Jealott''s Hill Research Station, Bracknell, Berks. Feb. 7."
"Institute of Physiology, University of Athens, Athens 609."
"Chemisch Laboratorium RVO-TNO, Rijswijk (Z.H.), Nederland."
"Department of Biology, Metropolitan University, Tokyo."
"Laboratory of Cell Metabolism, Memorial Sloan&
Instit&
"Department of Biochemistry, University College, London. Oct. 9."
"Research Laboratory, Siemens Edison Swan, Ltd., West Road, Templefields, Harlow. Sept. 4."
"British Empire Cancer Campaign Research Unit in Radiobiology, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, Middlesex."
"Central Laboratories, &
chtungsforschung, 5, K&
 1083, Czechoslovakia.&
"Friedrich-Miescher-Laboratorium der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft, Spemannstrasse, 37-39, 72076 T&
INSERM U. 253, Hpital P. Brousse, 94800 Villejuif C, F&
"Research Department, Nobel Division, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Stevenston, Ayrshire. May 31."
"Institute of Child Health, Nuffield Neonatal Research Unit, Hammersmith Hospital, London, W12."
The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research and &
In receipt of a full-time grant from the Medical Research Council."
Investigation careeree, Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Cient&
Department of Geology, University of Rhodesia, Salisbury, Rhodesia&
Max-Planck-lnstitute for Biophysical Chemistry, Department of Membrane Biophysics, Am Fassberg PO Box 2841, D-37077 G&
"Departments of Anatomy and Dental Histology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1."
rate, Universit&
"Institute of Animal Genetics, Edinburgh. June 14.&
tique de I''lNSERM,Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
"Department of Anatomy, University of Sheffield."
"Research Division, Pfizer Ltd., Sandwich, Kent."
"Department of Botany, University College, Nuffield Botanical Research Garden, Nuffield Lodge, London, N.W.1. April 12."
"Organic Chemistry and Chemical Physics Sections, Division of Industrial Chemistry, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. May 21."
Physics Department, Pontificia Universidade Cat&
"Biomechanics Laboratory, Faculty of Engineering, University of London, King''s College, Strand, W.C.2."
Department of Medicine, 32&
"Biophysical Laboratory, St. Paul''s University, Tokyo. March 25."
"College of Chemical Technology, North Dakota State University, Fargo."
 Laboratoire de S&
r Physiologische Chemie I, Universit&auml
Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, London WC1"
1528
"Department of Zoology, Rutgers University, United States. Oct. 10."
ge. Sept. 14."
"Institute of Nutrition, Budapest, 9."
Department of Microbiology, &
"Fibiger Laboratory, University Institute of Pathological Anatomy, Copenhagen."
"Institut de Recherches Scientifiques sur le Cancer, Villejuif, Seine, and Centre d''Immuno-Pathologie de l''Association Claude Bernard, H&
sseldorf, Institut f&
"Department of Botany, University College, Leicester. June 6."
"Department of Chemistry, Ontario Research Foundation, Toronto 5. Nov. 18."
"Department of Botany, The University, Glasgow G12 8QQ"
r Strahlenbiologie, Kernforschungszentrum Karlsruhe.Institut f&
"Division of Animal Health and Production, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Parramatta Road, Glebe, New South Wales. Jan. 28."
Department of Public Health, Juntendo University School of Medicine, Hongo, Tokyo."
"Biochemistry Unit, Wool Textile Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Parkville, N.2, Melbourne.&
"Department of Mathematical Physics, University of Edinburgh. May 13."
"R.A.F. Institute of Aviation Medicine, Farnborough, Hants. Dec. 6."
"Food Research Laboratories, Health Protection Branch, Ottawa, K1A OL2"
"Laboratoire de Pathologie Exp&
"Human Nutrition Research Unit, National Institute for Medical Research, London."
cology, University of Edinburgh."
"Courtaulds, Ltd., Research Laboratory, Maidenhead, Berks. March 4."
 Physics Institute, Universit&auml
r Molekularbiologie der Akademie der Wissenschaften der DDR, 1115 Berlin-Buch, Robert-R&
"The London Hospital Medical College, The Dental Institute, London E.1."
Institute for Muscle Disease, Inc.&
Section on Functional Brain Imaging, &
"Department of Chemistry, Battersea Polytechnic, London, S.W.11. March 26."
"Departments of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy and Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, University of London. Sept. 17."
"Department of Chemical Engineering, Imperial College, London, S.W.7. Feb. 24."
 Departments of Biochemistry,&
r Physik undAstrophysik, Institut f&
 des Sciences, CP 160, Universit&
, Genova. April 20."
"7 Wells Road, Glastonbury, Somerset."
Rudjer Boskovic&
"5 Gloucester Gate, London, N.W.1. Aug. 14."
decine et de Pharmacie, Universit&
"Istituto di Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
"Department of Organic Chemistry, University, Leeds 2. March 18."
U.S. Public Health Service Post-Doctoral Fellow in Histochemistry."
"Biology Division, Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay, Richardson and Cruddas Building, Byculla, Bombay 8."
 Medical and Physiological Chemistry and &
"Makerere University College, Kampala&
 Program in Cellular Biochemistry and Biophysics, Rockefeller Research Laboratory, Sloan&
"Departments of Chemistry and Physics, College of Engineering and Technology, Hauz Khas, New Delhi, 16."
Gruppo di Microbiologia e Patologia Generale, Universit&agrave
Lick Observatory, Board of Studies in Astronomy and Astrophysics, &
"Genetics Laboratory, Isotope Research Institute, Fukazawa, Setagaya, Tokyo 158"
"Rothamsted Experimental Station, Harpenden, Herts. June 26."
"Wright-Fleming Institute of Microbiology, St. Mary''s Hospital Medical School, London, W.2."
"The Merck Institute, Rahway, New Jersey 07065"
"Department of Experimental Physics, Palacky University, Olomouc, Czechoslovakia."
"Electricity Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex. May 23."
es, 58 Boulevard Lef&
"Biophysics Laboratory, Department of Physics, Chelsea College of Science and Technology, Manresa Road, London SW3."
"Department of Fuel Technology and Chemical Engineering University of Sheffield."
Radio and Electrical Engineering Division, National Research Council, Ottawa, Ontario.&
Clinical Research Fellow, Medical Research Council. Present address: St. Mary''s Hospital, London, W.C.2.&
"Geological Institute, Lund."
CNR Laboratory of Molecular Embryology.&
"Wool Research Laboratories, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Ryde, New South Wales."
"Department of Hop Research, Wye College, Near Ashford, Kent. Feb. 7."
"Otto Hahn-Institut, Max Planck-Institut f&
Bernhard Baron Memorial Research Laboratories, and Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Queen Charlotte''s Maternity Hospital, London W6&
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Guy''s Hospital Medical School, London, S.E.1."
K&
"Anatomische Anstalt and Frauenspital Basel, Pestalozzistr. 20, Basel."
 de Recherche sur la Glande, Thyroide et la R&
"State Serum Institute, Helsinki."
"Clinica Medica, Universit&agrave
Present address: Department of Biochemistry, St Louis Medical School, St Louis, Misssouri."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, London, S.W.3.Medical Research Council, Experimental Virus Research Unit, Institute of Virology, University of Glasgow."
"Departments of Pharmacology and Medicine, University of S&
"Department of Physiology, University College, London, W.C.1. March 17."
, and Microbiology and Immunology&
Department of Biochemistry and Drug Metabolism, Hoffman-La Roche Inc., Nutley, New Jersey 07110"
"Research and Development Laboratories, Pilkington Brothers, Ltd., Lathom, Ormskirk, Lancs."
"1Colegio Universitario Arcos de Jal&
a Celular (CSIC), Vel&
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Hertford. Nov. 2."
These two authors contributed equally to this work.&
478."
On leave from the National Vegetable Research Station, Welles-bourne, Warwick, as a Fellow of the W. K. Kellogg Foundation, to which grateful acknowledgment is made."
"Department of Chemistry,Department of Pharmacology,Department of Physiology, University College, London, W.C.1."
"The Royal Institution, 21 Albemarle Street, London, W.1."
Assistant professor, Department of Pediatrics, and assistant director, National Foundation Special Arthritis Treatment Center.&
"Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and Hospital, Baltimore."
"Ministry of Defence, Defence Operational Analysis Establishment, Parvis Road, West Byfleet, Surrey"
Department of Virology, State Health Laboratory Services, Perth Medical Centre&
sterreichischen Akademie der Wissenschaften, Vienna."
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, Pretoria. Nov. 2."
"Central Laboratory, Ministry of Economic Affairs, Brussels.Biochemical Laboratory, Veterinary College, State University, Ghent. April 12."
"Agricultural Research Council Plant Growth Substance and Systemic Fungicide Unit, Wye College (University of London), Near Ashford, Kent."
1."
"Department of Neurophysiology, Max-Planck-Institut f&
"British Titan Products Co., Ltd., Billingham, County Durham."
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hants. Jan. 16."
r biophysikalische Chemie, Am Fa&
rimentale D&
dicas, Fundaci&
"Marine Biological Association, Plymouth.&
"Autonomics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex."
"Autonomics Division, National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex.&
"Natuurkundig Laboratorium, Universiteit van Amsterdam. March 22."
"Physics Division, Clarke, Chapman and Co., Ltd., Gateshead, 8, Co. Durham."
University of Ioannina and Nuclear Research Center &
Present address: Department of Agricultural Botany, University of Cairo, U.A.R."
"Division of Bacteriology and Dairy Research, Science Service, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. Feb. 2."
ringens Forskningsinstitut, Stockholm, &
rologie et d''immunog&
"M.R.C. Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks."
"Gatty Marine Laboratory, and Department of Natural History, University of St. Andrews."
 de Recherches sur les H&
"Akers Research Laboratories, Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Welwyn, Herts. Jan. 2."
"Freshwater Fisheries Laboratory, Pitlochry."
"Institute of Biochemistry and Institute of Hygiene and Bacteriology, University of Uppsala."
" Zoologisches Institut der Universit&auml
Present address: School of Pharmacy, Robert Gordon''s Institute of Technology, Schoolhill, Aberdeen."
"Department of Forensic Medicine, University New Buildings, Teviot Place, Edinburgh, 8."
"Institut d''Histochimie m&
Research Fellow of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche."
Laboratoire de Biochimie due D&
Chemistry Branch, National Cancer Institute,&
"State Institute of Blood Group Serology, Statens R&auml
Sister Kenny Scholar."
"Institute of Physiology, University, Athens 6."
Departmentof Medical Chemistry and&
"Department of Botany, Queen Mary College, (University of London), Mile End Road, London, E.1. June 30."
Molecular Immunology, Merck Research Laboratories, Rahway, New Jersey 07065,USA&
r Biophysik, Forsthausstrasse 70, Frankfurt. Dec. 21."
 Protein Engineering Research Institute (Biomolecular Engineering Research Institute&
Department of Plastic Surgery and &
cology and Obstetrics, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and Hospital, Baltimore."
"MRC Air Pollution Research Unit, St Bartholomew''s Hospital Medical College, London."
"Wiggins Teape Group Research Organization, Butler''s Court, Beaconsfield, Bucks. Nov. 10."
 Neurosurgery,&
"Institute of Pathology, Department of Experimental Pathology, University Hospital, 8091 Z&
Department of Veterinary Physiology and Pharmacology and Department of Veterinary Medicine and Surgery&
"Health Physics Department, Danish Atomic Energy Commission Research Establishment, Ris&
Present Address: Department of Pathology, Glasgow Royal Infirmary."
ck, D-49069 Osnabr&
"British Rubber Producers'' Research Association, 48&
Laboratoire de Biologie Exp&
lohorsk&
"Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, Hampshire."
"Birkbeck College Research Laboratory, University of London, London, W.C.1. July 2."
Senior Research Fellow, Ministry of Supply, 1954&
"Department of Biology, Battelle&
"Department of Metallurgy, Faculty of Engineering, University of Tokyo. June 1."
"Departments of Molecular Biology and &
dics, Brockley Hill, Stanmore, Middlesex. July 7."
Present address: Unilever Research Laboratories, 455 London Road, Isleworth, Middlesex."
Leverhulme Trust Research Fellow.&
"Wallaceville Animal Research Station, Private Bag, Wellington. June 5."
"Department of Biochemistry, Imperial College of Science and Technology, London SW7"
Department of Botany, Bedford College, London NW1.&
Present address: Department of Pathology, Royal Free Hospital, London."
"Tokyo Astronomical Observatory, Mitaka, Tokyo.&
"Institute of Genetics, University of Uppsala.Institute of Physiological Botany, University of Uppsala.Department of Dermatology, University Hospital, Uppsala."
"Department of Chemistry, College of the Holy Cross, Worcester, Mass. June 28."
"Unilever Research Laboratory, Sharnbrook, Bedford."
"Departments of Pathology and Physiology, Medical School, King''s College, Newcastle upon Tyne 1. Dec. 2."
rich"
"Research Department, Unilever, Ltd., Port Sunlight, Cheshire. Jan. 22."
rich&
On leave from the Division of Entomology, Central Agricultural Research Institute, Gannoruwa, Peradeniya, Ceylon."
Wellcome Research Laboratories, Beckenham, Kent."
Department of Neuroscience, and &
r Allgemeine Physiologie, Universit&auml
Deceased 5 March 1987.&
moc 300, M&
"Department of Chemical Engineering, and &
"Rubber and Plastics Research Association of Great Britain, Shawbury, Shrewsbury, Shropshire."
ncov mieru 1/a, Czechoslovakia."
"Department of Chemical Pathology, Westminster Medical School (University of London), London, S.W.1."
Boosey &amp
 Psychiatry,&
"Genetics Laboratory, School of Botany and Zoology, University Park, Nottingham NG1 2RD"
r Physikalische Chemie, Technische Universit&auml
partment de Biologie, Universit&
Fellow of the Anita Thyssen Foundation.&
National Cancer Center Research Institute, Tsukiji, Chuo-ku 1, Tokyo&
Molecular Design and Diversity &
"Departments of Anatomy and Zoology, University of Sheffield."
 Geologisch-Pal&auml
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Hertford. Oct. 24."
 Division of Cardiology, Department of Medicine
"Geological Institute, Lund. March 10."
"Services Electronics Research Laboratory, Baldock, Herts. Nov. 21."
 di Bari."
"East Malling Research Station, East Malling, Maidstone, Kent."
Department of Electrical Engineering, Portsmouth College of Technology."
"Department of Vertebrate Zoology, Kiev State University, Vladimirskaya 60, Kiev 17"
"Department of Pharmacology, University College, London, W.C.1."
To whom correspondence should be addressed at the Division of Endocrinology, Room S&
"Division of Medicine, Roswell Park Memorial Institute and the Statler Research Laboratories of the Children''s Hospital, Buffalo, N.Y."
"1Int&
culaire (CNRS D1302), Ecole NormaleSup&
"Division of Forest Products, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Melbourne. Dec. 12."
"Laboratorium voor Anorganische Scheikunde A, Rijksuniversiteit, Gent."
"Medical Research Council Radiobiological Research Unit, Atomic Energy Research Establishment, Harwell, Berks. March 5."
"Department of Physiology, London Hospital Medical College, London, E.1. July 18."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3."
"Laboratoire de biologie mol&
"Mathematics and Physics Department, Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham."
"Physics Department, University of Natal, Durban."
"Department of Zoology, Faculty of Sciences, University of Istanbul."
"Division of Animal Health and Production, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, McMaster Animal Health Laboratory, Sydney, N.S.W. May 1."
Institute for Stable Isotopes, PO Box 243, 3400 Cluj-Napoca, Roumania"
"Immunology Division, National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London NW7."
Predoctoral trainee, supported by U.S. Public Health Service medical training grant 2-TI-AI 96&
 di Bologna, 40126&
 and Organic Chemistry&
"Division of Pathology, Imperial Cancer Research Fund, London, W.C.2.&
"National Physical Laboratory, Hillside Road, New Delhi. June 17."
Chief, Radiology Service, Long Beach Veterans Administration Hospital
 Institute Laue&
"Pathology Department, Victoria Infirmary, Glasgow."
"John Innes Horticultural Institution, Bayfordbury, Herts. July 16."
"Chester Beatty Research Institute, Royal Cancer Hospital, Fulham Road, London, S.W.3. May 16."
"Laboratoire de Physico-Chimie des Rayonnements, Facult&
 5."
"Wright&
Microbiology &amp
"Conseil en G&
"Admiralty Materials Laboratory, Holton Heath, Poole, Dorset. June 24."
sk&
"Cytological Laboratory, College of Agriculture, Poona 5. Nov. 15."
r Virusforschung, Abt. Biochemie, D-7400 T&
"Guinness-Lister Research Unit, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, Chelsea Bridge Road, London, S.W.1.&
Present address: Department of Geology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill."
"Department of Physiology, University of Saarland, Homburg-Saar."
 Neurology and Neurological Sciences and&
t Hamburg, Martinistrasse 52, 2000 Hamburg 20.&
Present address: Department of Physiology, The Hannah Dairy Research Institute, Ayr."
"Zweites Physikalisches Institut der Universit&auml
 Montr&
"R. Infante D. Henrique, Pr&
Physics Department, University of Sheffield&
Present address: Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Infestation Control Laboratory, Virus Unit, Worplesdon, Surrey."
Biochemistry Division, Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology, Bute Gardens, London W6 7DW&
"Laboratoire de Neurobiologie et Neuropharmacologie du D&
r Physikalische Chemie, G&
 di Cagliari, Sardinia. Jan. 14."
"Breitbrunn/Chiemsee, Bavaria. March 27."
gica del C.S.I.C., Madrid. Feb. 1."
"University of Edinburgh, Department of Medical Physics, The Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh, 3."
Present address: Mintech/UKAEA Programmes Analysis Unit, Chilton, Didcot, Berkshire."
Research Fellow of the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation, U.S.A."
aires-Grenoble, B&
"Ul.febru&
nster, Westfalen."
"Department of Experimental Pathology, Chester Beatty Research Institute, Institute of Cancer Research: Royal Cancer Hospital, London, S.W.3."
 University Veterinary Hospital, Bearsden, Glasgow."
"Facultad de Ciencias Exactas y Naturales, Universidad de Buenos Aires."
"Department of Psychology, Bedford College, University of London."
"Medical Research Council Trachoma Research Unit, Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1."
Queen Mary College, London&
"Imperial Chemical Industries, Ltd., Pharmaceuticals Division, Alderley Park, Macclesfield, Cheshire.Medical Unit, St. George''s Hospital, London, S.W.1."
To whom correspondence should be addressed "
r Biochemie, Abteilung K&
Radcliffe Observatory, Pretoria."
Tl&
"Department of Pathology, University of Medicine H-7643 P&
"Pasteur Institute for Veterinary Research and Bioproducts andInstitute for State Control of Drugs and Pharmaceutical Research, Bucharest, Rumania."
To whomcorrespondence shold be adderessed"
"Marine Biological Station, Port Erin. Oct. 31."
"Centre de Biologie Mol&
"Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine, London, S.W.1."
"Department of Experimental and Clinical Chemotherapy, Robert-R&
"Institut de Chimie Biologique, Facult&
Fachgebiet Disperse Feststoffe, Fachbereich Materialwissenschaft, TechnischeHochschule Darmstadt, Hilpertstrasse 31, GDP, Geb&auml
Rudolf-Buchheim-Institut f&
Fellow, John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, 1953&
ST-ECF, European Southern Observatory, Karl-Schwarzschild Strasse 2, D-8046 Garching bei M&
"National Chemical Research Laboratory, PO Box 395, Pretoria"
"91 Ash Road, Cuddington, Northwich, Cheshire. March 13."
"Biological Institute of the Carlsberg Foundation, 16 Tagensvej, Copenhagen. Nov. 21."
"Chemistry Research Laboratory, Aeronautical Research Laboratories, Air Force Research Division, Wright&
"King''s College, Strand, London, W.C.2. March 24."
